Frantz, Terrill. (2013). A Behavioral Theory of the Merger. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, Doctor of Philosophy., [pdf]

Ahuja, Manju. (1995). A Longitudinal Study of Network and Individual Performance in Distributed Design Groups. Carnegie Mellon University, Katz Graduate School of Business., Doctor of Philosophy,

Strachan, Neil D. (2000). Adoption and Supply of Distributed Energy Technology. Carnegie Mellon University, Engineering and Public Policy, Doctor of Philosophy, December, 2000,

Hill, Vanessa. (1998). An Examination of Culture and Maintenance in Temporary Placement Agencies. Carnegie Mellon University, Graduate School of Industrial Administration, September 8, 1998,

Mezzour, Ghita. (2015). Assessing the Global Cyber and Biological Threat. Carnegie Mellon Univerisity, Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, Doctor of Philosophy Dissertation, [link]

Airoldi, Edoardo. (2006). Bayesian Mixed-Membership Models of Complex and Evolving Networks. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, December 2006, Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Tyagi, Aman. (2021). Challenges in Climate Change Communication on Social Media. Carnegie Mellon University, The College of Engineering, Engineering and Public Policy, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Ashworth, Michael J. (2007). Computational and Empirical Explorations of Work Group Performance. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, February 8, 2007, Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Chen, Li-Chiou. (2003). Computational Models for Defenses against Internet-based Attacks. Carnegie Mellon University, Engineering and Public Policy, Doctor of Philosophy,

Frankenstein, William. (2016). Computational Models of Decision making in Nuclear Proliferation. Carnegie Mellon University, The College of Engineering, Engineering and Public Policy, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Shapiro, Stuart. (1989). Computer Software as Technology: an Examination of technological Development. Carnegie Mellon University, History Department, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Cataldo, Marcelo. (2007). Dependencies in Geographically Distributed Software Development: Overcoming The Limits of Modularity. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, December 2007, Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Moon, Il-Chul. (2008). Destabilization of Adversarial Organizationa with Strategic Interventions. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, Doctor of Philosophy., [pdf]

McCulloh, Ian. (2009). Detecting Changes in a Dynamic Social Network. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, Doctor of Philosophy., [pdf]

Benigni, Matthew. (2017). Detection and Analysis of Online Extremist Communities. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Louie, Marcus A. (2012). Developing a Relational Theory of Intra-State Conflict Dynamics: How Coalitions are Formed and Utilized. Doctor of Philosophy, Carnegie Institute of Technology, Engineering and Public Policy, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.,

Graham, John M. (2005). Dynamic Network Analysis of the Network-Centric Organization: Towards an Understanding of Cognition & Performance. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, June 20, 2005. Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Yamagata, Hisashi. (1999). Dynamic of Gender Inequality in the Federal Government over a Quarter of a Century. Carnegie Mellon University, H.J.Heinz 111 School of Public Policy and Management, Doctor of Philosophy in Public Policy and Management,

Zahray, Paul. (1990). Electronic Dissemination of Scholarly Journals: and Economic and Technical Analysis. Carnegie Mellon University, Engineering and Public Policy, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Fujimoto, Kayo. (2003). Evaluation of Social Networks Among American Female Adolescents. University of Pittsburgh, Department of Sociology, November 10, 2003. Doctor of Philosophy,

Beskow, David. (2020). Finding and Characterizing Information Warfare Campaigns. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Schreiber, Craig. (2006). Human and Organizational Risk Modeling, Critical Personnel and Leadership in Network Organizations. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, September 14, 2006. Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Kas, Miray. (2013). Incremental Centrality Algorithms for Dynamic Network Analysis. Doctor of Philosophy, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA., [pdf]

Lee, Ju-Sung. (2008). Inferring Adolescent Social networks Using Ego-Network Substance Use Data. Carnegie Mellon University, Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Doctor of Philosophy., [link] [pdf]

Lewis, Eleanor T. (2002). Influences on Isomorphism in the Rhetoric of Organizational Language. [pdf]

Chopra, Kari. (2001). Information and the Internet: Enhancing Trust Through Consensus. Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Troy, New York, August 13, 2001. Doctor of Philosophy,

Gibson, Faison. (1996). Learning in Dynamic Decision Tasks. Carnegie Mellon University, Graduate School of Industrial Administration, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Wei, Wei. (2015). Learning Latent Event Representations: Structured Probabilistic inference on Spatial, Temporal and Textual Data. Institute for Software Research, CASOS Center, Graduate Student Thesis Proposal. [pdf]

Huang, Binxuan. (2020). Learning User Latent Attributes on Social Media. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Daimler, Eric. (2013). Machine detection of persisting pragmatic linguistic relationships in Monetary Policy and Financial Economics.. Carnegie Mellon Univerisity, School of Computer Science, Doctor of Philosophy Dissertation, [pdf]

Brinton Anderson, Bonnie. (2001). Modeling Managerial Adoption User Acceptance of Software. Carnegie Mellon University, H.J.Heinz School of Public Policy and Management, August 14, 2001. Doctor of Philosophy in Public Policy and Management,

Cruickshank, Iain. (2020). Multi-view Clustering of Social-based Data. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Joseph, Kenneth. (2016). New Methods for the Study of Social Identities and Stereotypes. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Wang, Bin. (1990). Organizational Labor Markets and Job Networks. Carnegie Mellon University, H. J. Heinz III School of Public Policy and Management, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Wei, Wei. (2016). Probabilistic Models of Topics and Social Events. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Lanham, Michael. (2015). Rapid Mission Assurance Assessment via Sociotechnical Modeling and Simulation. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, May 2015, Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Behrens, Dean M. (1997). Self-Isolation and The Structuring of Support: The Relationship Between Stress and Network Evolution. Carnegie Mellon University, The Department of Social And Decision Sciences, Doctor of Philosophy in Organizational Science and Sociology,

Kumar, Sumeet. (2020). Social Media Analytics for Stance Mining - A MultiModal Approach with Weak Supervision. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, CASOS, Doctor of Philosophy, [link]

Tsvetovat, Max. (2005). Social Structure Simulation and Inference using Artificial Intelligence Techniques. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, June 15, 2005. Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Butts, Carter. (2002). Spatial Models of Large-Scale Interpersonal Networks. Final Public Oral Examination for the degree of Doctor Philosophy; Carnegie Mellon University, Department of Social & Decision Sciences, April 16, 2002.,

Behrman, Robert. (2014). Structural Measurement of Military Organization Capability. Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Institute of Technology, May 2015, Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Kas, Miray. (2011). Structures and Statistics of Citation Networks. Thesis Advisor: Prof. L. Richard Carley. Carnegie Mellon University, Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, May 15, 2011., [pdf] thesis

Chowdhury, Sumit. (1998). Struggle for Power and Influence: a Network Study of Mergers, Acquisitions, Strategic Alliances, & Competition in the Communication, Information, and Entertainment Industries. Carnegie Mellon University, H. J. Heinz III School of public Policy and Management, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Teitelbaum, Daniel. (1998). Technological Change and Pollution Control: An Adaptive Agent-Based Analysis. Carnegie Mellon University, Doctor of Philosophy in Engineering and Public Policy,

Bulter, Brian S. (1999). The Dynamic of Cyberspace: Examining and Modeling Online Social Structure. Carnegie Mellon University, GSIA, April 30, 1999, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Ramanujam, Rangaraj. (2000). The Effects of Change on Errors in Organizations: An Empirical Study. Carnegie Mellon University, Graduate School of Industrial Administration, May 22, 2000,

Tu, Kung-Jen. (1997). The Effects of Organizational Workplace Dynamics and Building Infrastructure Flexibility on Environmental and Technical Quality in Offices. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Architecture, November 4, 1997. Doctor of Philosophy,

Casciaro, Tiziana. (1999). The Formation of Strategic Alliance Networks. Carnegie Mellon University, Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Palmquist, Michael. (1990). The Lexicon of The Classroom: Language and Learning in writing classroom. Carnegie Mellon University, Department of English, May 9, 1990. Doctor of Philosophy in Rhetoric,

Kaplan, David J. (1999). The Star System: a Unified Multi-Agent Simulation Model of Structure, Task, Agent, and Resource. Carnegie Mellon University, H. J. Heinz III School of public Policy and Management, Doctor of Philosophy.,

Burley Gant, Diana. (1998). The Web of Affiliation: Theoretical Motives for the Strategic Establishment of Inter-organizational Relationship on the World Wide Web. Carnegie Mellon University, The Dept of Social and Decision Science, Doctor of Philosophy,

Springall-Gautier, Lille C. (2000). Top Management Teams' Cognitive Models of Interorganizational Social Networks, Strategic Decision-making, and Firm Performance. Carnegie Mellon University, Graduate School of Industrial Administration, Doctor of Philosophy,

Ahuja, Aman & Wei, Wei & Carley, Kathleen M. (2015). Topic Modeling in Large Scale Social Network Data. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Technical Report CMU-ISR-15-108, [pdf]

Malin, Bradley. (2006). Trail Re-identification and Unlinkability In Distributed Databases. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, March 29, 2006. Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Diesner, Jana. (2012). Uncovering and Managing the Impact of Methodological Choices for the Computational Construction of Socio-Technical Networks from Texts. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, September 2012, Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Davis, George B. (2011). Unsupervised Spatial, Temporal and Relational Models from Social Processes. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, February 2012, Doctor of Philosophy, [pdf]

Wagstrom, Patrick A. (2009). Vertical Interaction in Open Software Engineering Communities. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Engineering and Public Policy and Computation, Organizations and Society, Doctor of Philosophy., [pdf]

Yahja, Alex. (2006). WIZER: A Tool for Validation of Social Simulations. Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research, Computation, Organizations and Society, September 6, 2006. Doctor of Philosophy,, [pdf]
