¥

Abc producer Chris Vlasto

gave the trump campaign the

NEP numbers to weaponize
that night

— Traitors
“But if thought corrupts language, language
can also corrupt thought.”

“putting them together again in new shapes
of your own choosing”

&

“Until they become conscious they will never
rebel, and until after they have rebelled they
cannot become conscious.”

~ George Orwell, 1984
“When white folks can't

defeat you they'll always

findsome Negro—some /

boot-licking, butt-licking
buck-dancing,

bamboozled, half-baked ,

half-fried, sissified,
punkified, pasteurized,
homogenized nigger—
thatthey can trot out in
front of you.”

a

“In this they [Jews] proceeded on the sound
principle that the magnitude of a lie always
contains a certain factor of credibility, since
the great masses of the people in the very
bottom of their hearts tend to be corrupted
rather than consciously and purposely evil,
and that, therefore, in view of the primitive
simplicity of their minds, they more easily
fall victim to a big lie than to a little one,
since they themselves lie in little things, but
would be ashamed of lies that were too big.
Such a falsehood will never enter their
heads, and they will not be able to believe in
the possibility of such monstrous effrontery
and infamous misrepresentation in others.”
Adolf Hitler in Mein Kampf
(Manheim translation)
SILENCE IN THE
FACE OF EVIL IS
ITSELF EVIL.
=>
GOD WILL NOT
HOLD US
GUILTLESS.
=>
NOT TO SPEAK
IS TO SPEAK.
=>
NOT TO ACT IS
TO ACT.
=>

DIETRICH
BONHOEFFER

They deem me mad because | will not sell my days
for gold, and | deem them mad because they think

my days have a price.
K. GIBRAN
Qe

“We need to regulate drugs because they are risky.
Drugs are infinitely more dangerous when produced
and sold by criminals who do not worry about any
safety measures. Legal regulation protects health.”

— Kofi Annan
Former Secretary-General of the United Nations
5/19/15
“Never be deceived
_ that the rich will
allow you to vote
away their wealth.”

~Lucy Parsons (1853-1942)

ALANGUAGE IS A DIALECT WITH AN ARMY
AND NAVY.
‘Max WEINREICH
WE OWE OUR EXISTENCE TO

is A SIX-INCH LAYER OF TOPSOIL

AND THE FACT IT RAINS.

FARM: | EQUIPMENT ASSOCIATION
fn OTA NT pas DAKOTA

ne

When a female gets a tattoo, she is
giving a permanent oath of fealty to the
oligarchs and their hired managers. Her
mind is controlled by their Satanic
inversions, her body destined to be
used and abused in exchange for
pleasure and power. Her tattoo is the
mark of the beast.

7:28 AM - 4/19/19 - Twitter Web Client
The time is
"REMINDER: Mitch McConnell

ran interference for Trump
during the 2016 campaign
to STOP President Obama from
warning the country about the
Russian attack on our election
that Trump was lying about."

es 5
A NANCY PELOSI

(Our new government is founded... upon the great truth that the negro is not equal
to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural
and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the
world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth.

--Alexander Stephens, Cornerstone Speech, March 21, 1861
The “Welfare Queen”

"She has 80 names, 30 addresses, 12 Social Security cards and is collecting
veteran's benefits on four non-existing deceased husbands. And she is
collecting Social Security on her cards. She's got Medicaid, getting food
stamps, and she is collecting welfare under each of her names.“

-- Ronald Reagan, 1976
You start out in 1954 by saying, "N--, n--, n--". By 1968 you can't say "n--"—that hurts you. Backfires.
So you say stuff like forced busing, states' rights and all that stuff. You're getting so abstract now
[that] you're talking about cutting taxes, and all these things you're talking about are totally economic
things and a byproduct of them is [that] blacks get hurt worse than whites. And subconsciously
maybe that is part of it. I'm not saying that. But I'm saying that if it is getting that abstract, and that
coded, that we are doing away with the racial problem one way or the other. You follow me—
because obviously sitting around saying, "We want to cut this", is much more abstract than even the
busing thing, and a hell of a lot more abstract than "N--, n--". So, any way you look at it, race is
coming on the backbone.

Lee Atwater, 1981|
“the evidence does indicate that a
thorough FBI investigation would
uncover facts about the campaign

and the President personally that the

President could have understood to

be crimes or that would give rise to
personal and political concerns.”

Mueller Report Vol. Il page 76
She should not apologise
for the trauma
that formed her

ROSIE CAPPUCCINO
=~

“We, the Black masses, don’t want
these leaders who seek our support
coming to us representing a certain

political party. They must come to us
today as Black Leaders representing
the welfare of Black people. We won’t
follow any leader today who comes on
the basis of political party. Both
parties (Democrat and Republican)
are controlled by the same people who
have abused our rights, and who have
deceived us with false promises every
time an election rolls around.”

~MALCOLM X

azquotes.com
If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can
really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so
badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavourable, Favourable conditions never come.

—C.S. Lewis, “Learning in War-Time”, The Weight of Glory and Other Addresses
"We must do away with the ’
absolutely specious notion that ¥. act
We 4%

everybody has to eam ali
Itis a fact today that one inten |" YE.
thousand of us can make a technological
breakthrough capable of supporting alll the rest. The
youth of today are absolutely right in recognizing
this nonsense of earning a living. We keep inventing
Jobs because of this false idea that everybody has to
be employed at some kind of drudgery because,
according to Malthusian- Darwinian theory, he must
justify his right to exist. So we have inspectors of
inspectors & people making instruments for
inspectors to inspect inspectors. The true business
of people should be to go back to school & think
about whatever it was they were thinking about
before somebody came along & told them they had
to earn a living.”

Richard Buckminster Fuller (1895 - 1983)

"It is now highly feasible to take care of everybody

on Earth at a higher standard of living than any
lave ever known. It no longer has to be you or me.
fishness i is unnecessary. War is obsolete. It i

weaponry to iene. i
-R. Buckminster Fuller

In all social systems there must be a class to do the menial duties, to perform the
drudgery of life. That is, a class requiring but a low order of intellect and but little skill.
Its requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Such a class you must have, or you would not
have that other class which leads progress, civilization, and refinement. It constitutes the
very mud-sill of society and of political government; and you might as well attempt to
build a house in the air, as to build either the one or the other, except on this mud-sill.
Fortunately for the South, she found a race adapted to that purpose to her hand. A race
inferior to her own, but eminently qualified in temper, in vigor, in docility, in capacity to
stand the climate, to answer all her purposes. We use them for our purpose, and call them
slaves.... I will not characterize that class at the North by that term; but you have it; it is
there; it is everywhere; it is eternal.

[ames Henry Hammond Speech to the U.S. Senate, March 4, 1858
4

Source: November 12, 2012 article in Nation on James Carter IV:

Lee Atwater in a 1981 Interview said:

"You start out in 1954 by saying,
“Nigger, nigger, nigger.” By 1968
you can't say “nigger” —that hurts
you, backfires. So you say stuff
like, uh, forced busing, states’
rights, and all that stuff, and
you're getting so abstract. Now,
you're talking about cutting taxes,
and all these things you're talking
about are totally economic things
and a byproduct of them is,
blacks get hurt worse than
whites.... “We want to cut this,” is
much more abstract than even the
busing thing, wh, and a hell of a
lot more abstract than “Nigger,
nigger.”"

http://www.thenation.com/article/170841/exclusive-lee-atwaters-infamous-1981-interview-southern-

strategy
“The trouble with Eichmann was precisely that so many were like him,
and that the many were neither perverted nor sadistic, that they were,
and still are, terribly and terrifyingly normal. From the viewpoint of our
legal institutions and of our moral standards of judgment, this normality
was much more terrifying than all the atrocities put together.”

— Hannah Arendt, Eichmann in Jerusalem: A Report on the Banality of Evil
ALJAZEERA

a 1h the Mahalah Flower Men st ip Elie) (e}
man wears‘traditional shoes made of palm
leaves. Things started to change with the
construction of a cable car track in the 1990s
that allowed access to the remote villages of
the Flower Men. But traditions remain strong
with the elders. [Eric Lafforgue/Al Jazeera]
avi! AT&T LTE 8:59 PM 7% 29%0 _)
@ etymonline.com

What is the plural of rhinoceros? ... Well,
Liddell and Scott seem to authorize
'rhinocerotes,' which is pedantic, but
‘rhinoceroses' is not euphonious. [Sir
Charles Eliot, "The East Africa
Protectorate," 1905]
OT GOING TO DIE ON NO AIRF > NA
OT GOING TO DIE SLIPPING ON NO ICES:

ECAUSE

“ Jihad will continue until
all the Hindus, Christians,
Buddhists, Atheists are
killed. Your secularism &
tolerance can not change

_our ideology. Quran does
iy NOT permit survival
of Non-Muslims.”

—wAbdullaheZuber

Every Muslim is
allowed to have sex
with his female
slave.If he does not
shave female slave and
wife is not at home
then he)must release
his lust with sheep or
goat- ew Naik

“ Jihad will continue until
all the Hindus, Christians,
Buddhists, Atheists are
killed. Your secularism &
tolerance can not change

_our ideology. Quran does
iy NOT permit survival
of Non-Muslims.”

—wAbdullaheZuber

work they were allowed to do 1n particular time periods. With the growth
of the information economy, gender and class became increasingly impor-
tant in defining the worth of particular skill sets.'* Many characteristics
of women industrial workers, such as their association with machines,
bled into the new types of white- or pink-collar work that came to define
the postindustrial economy.

Women’s twentieth-century roles outside the Wot place also owed a a
cultural debt to industrialization t century, B:

ul

OF fdcsintnia tainted e the indus-
rrialiale city. The “angel in the aide ideal circumscribed middle-class
women’s lives and strongly discouraged them from seeking paid work
in an expanding economy.

? gir
.”?° In the twentieth century, most women who aspired to middle-class
existence therefore found their choice of job dictated not only by gender

=i v aan

"Ali said to his mother if he
has the chance to live he
wants to be a lawyer or a
political activist so he can get
the chance to help others.”

~ Mohamed, father of
Ali Mohammed Bagir al-Nimr
When ya find out Satan

iy creating evil ...
,

2

\

?I form the light,

and create darkness
I make peace, and
create evil:

I the Lord do all
these things.

Isaiah 45:7

WHAT'S CRAZIER THAN HAVING
AN IMAGINARY FRIEND?

y -

re |

;

HAVING AN IMAGINARY
ENEMY |

cl

‘If voting made any difference
They wouldn't let us do it.”

Mark Twain
New technological
environments are
commonly cast

in the molds of

the preceding
technology

out of the sheer
unawareness of
their designers.

Marshall McLuhan
joewintergreen

randomly started thinking about Al and started making a system where like, each type of action (take
cover/flank/shoot target/throw grenade/wander/move to target) is kept in an object with a CanExecute function
(which returns whether it's a good idea to do that thing right now or not) and then on tick the ai goes through a list of
Actions and executes the first one that CanExecute. so theoretically you can have like, a Combat row on a data table
that has a list of objects with the thing you really want the Al to do at the top and fallbacks under that

like this
“If someone says it’s raining
& another person says it’s
dry, it's not your job to quote
them both. Your job is to look
out the fucking window and
find out which is true.”

Iam not strange. I am just not
normal.

Salvador Dali
The sole difference between
myself and a madman is the fact
that Iam not mad!

Salvador Dali
I don't do drugs. Iam drugs.

Salvador Dali
An ignorant mind is precisely not a spotless,
empty vessel, but one that’s filled with the
clutter of irrelevant or misleading life
experiences, theories, facts, intuitions,
strategies, algorithms, heuristics, metaphors,
and hunches that regrettably have the look and
feel of useful and accurate knowledge.

David Dunning

An example of someone who didn't do the readings

i
S Elon Musk @ yx

Replying to @elonmusk @AntVenom

Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book
about it.

MAroiwosts 1485: OSD = OVHOS
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital; that, in fact, capital is the fruit
of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed -- that
labor can exist without capital, but that capital could never have existed
without labor. Hence they hold that labor is the superior -- greatly the
superior -- of capital. [Lincoln, 1859]
‘Libraries will get you
through times of no
money better than
money will get you

‘through times of no
libraries.

are not reckoned among the coloreds.

This jurisprudence would suit us
’

Roland Freisler, Nazi Judge (1935)

4

i]

“There is only one party in the United
States, the Property Party...and it has
two right wings: Republican and
Democrat. Republicans are a bit
stupider, more rigid, more doctrinaire
in their laissez-faire capitalism than
the Democrats, who are cuter, prettier,
a bit more corrupt - until recently...
and more willing than the Republicans
to make small adjustments when the
poor, the black, the anti-imperialists
get out of hand. But, essentially, there
is no difference between the two
parties.”

~GORE VIDAL
Randall Terry

Founder, Operation Rescue

“Our goal is a Christian nation. We have a biblical duty, we are called by God to
conquer this country. We don't want equal time. We don't want pluralism."

“Our goal must be simple. We must have a Christian nation built on God's law,
on the ten Commandments. No apologies."

“| don't think Christians should use birth control. You consummate your marriage
as often as you like — and if you have babies, you have babies."

"When I, or people like me, are running the country, you'd better flee, because
we will find you, we will try you, and we'll execute you. | mean every word of it. |
will make it part of my mission to see to it that they are tried and executed."

"There is going to be war, and Christians may be called to take up the sword to
overthrow the tyrannical regime that oppresses them."
Dan Crowley
13h ago

Maria lay on her narrow bed an

but would she like him, once the deed was done?

She bargained away her freedom? Why couldn't she be

® as her sister was? None of the questions really had

nglishwoman’s music only made her sad-
xed.

Vicky. The goat
yard for safe!

"What's the longest spell of
happiness you can remember
enjoying? Think hard before you

answer." Brilliant.
€) — Senator Rand Paul @ v
@RandPaul

.@Judgenap: Why do we have a
Second Amendment? It's not to shoot
deer. It's to shoot at the government
when it becomes tyrannical!

12:48 PM - 23 Jun 16

7,439 Retweets 5,738 Likes
he won't notice you're picking
his pocket. Hell, give him
somebody to look down on,
and he'll empty his pockets for you."

- President Lyndon B. Johnson

feat] DEMOCRATS

“REPUBLICANS STAND FOR
RAW, UNBRIDLED EVIL AND
GREED AND IGNORANCE

SMOTHERED IN
BALLOONS AND RIBBONS.”
»FRANK ZAPPA

x @ Tweet activity

Edwin Hayward @uk_domain_names
Here's the truth about Brexit, the
"punishment" some people claim the EU
wants to inflict on us, the full horrific
consequences of no deal, and the dangers
lurking behind any deal we reach. Buckle
in, it's pretty long. Better to be thorough
than to leave anything out. 1/47

Impressions 2,049,792
times people saw this Tweet on Twitter

Total engagements 79,197

times people interacted with this Tweet
How can antisemitism seem so invisible?

“Partly it's that it allows Jews success. Many oppressions rely on keeping a targeted

group of people poor, uneducated, designated non-white, or otherwise ‘at the bottom.’
Anti-Jewish oppression doesn’t depend on that. Although at many times it has kept Jews

in poverty or designated non-white, these have been “optional” features. Because the
point of anti-Jewish oppression is to keep a Jewish face in front, so that Jews, instead of
ruling classes, become the target for peoples’ rage, it works even more smoothly when
Jews are allowed some success, and can be perceived as the ones “in charge” by other

oppressed groups.”

--April Rosenblum, The Past Didn't Go Anywhere (2007)
automatic. You keep things clear when you describe accurately and specifically
what you oppose, and critique actions and policy as unjust — not people or
nations as evil.

--April Rosenblum, The Past Didn‘t Go Anywhere (2007)
“The stakes could not be
higher—we're talking about the fate
of the greatest nation on Earth.
Who are the real fascists?
Who are the real racists?

We must learn the truth.’

—DINESH D’SOUZA

I think I'm beginning to get
it. If it's a policy that
benefits the rich, it doesn't
have to he paid for, should
last forever and is good for
America. But if it benefits
the poor, we can't afford it,
we should end itas soon as
possible and it will destroy
our nation from within.

Jon Stewart
"It is now highly feasible to take care of everybody
on Earth at a higher standard of living than any
have ever known. It no longer has to be you or me.
Selfishness is unnecessary. War is obsolete. It is a
matter of converting the high technology from
weaponry to livingry."

-R. Buckminster Fuller

POMPEO: If any good comes out of
ignorance, then I'll take the ignorance.

[Davis lets out a big sigh.]
“As we've said many times, the documents Six4Three gathered for their baseless case are only part of the
story and are presented in a way that is very misleading without additional context. We stand by the platform
changes we made in 2015 to stop a person from sharing their friends’ data with developers. Like any business,
we had many of internal conversations about the various ways we could build a sustainable business model for
our platform. But the facts are clear: we've never sold people's data.” — Facebook Spokesperson
low'd we get to a place where
it’s normal that two parts of
the country despise each
other? That you can imagine
the other side encouraging
error? Our thinking changed.

& ideas & started attacking
others for things we can't
change, for who we are.

-Tucker Carlson @TuckerCarlson
11.09.18

ptayingAliveisNotEnoug!

SSfonBsE you are not
rehabilitation centers
for badly raised men..
Et is not your job to
» change hin,
or raise hin.
a partner

project.

Julia Roberts
IF IT CAN BE DESTROYED BY
THE TRUTH, IT DESERVES TO BE
DESTROYED BY THE TRUTH,

The emigration of Jews from the Soviet
Union is not an objective of American
foreign policy. And if they put Jews into
gas chambers in the Soviet Union, it is
not an American concern. Maybe a
humanitarian concern.

—= Henry A. Risinger =

AZ QUOTES

. sf g = a
; =. 2 eee

= 8

[nel nT

‘iii

books ‘are. -
likepeoplé, =
inthesensé =
thatthey'll —/
turnupin |
yourtite i Uae
whenyo6u i
mostmeed |
them." e
Emma Thompson 3 i.

” |
Iv’s now very common to hear people say,
“I'm rather offended by that.”

As if that gives them certain rights. It’s no
more than a whine. It has no meaning,
it has no purpose. It has no reason to be
respected as a phrase.

“Pm offended by that.”

Well, so fucking what?

— Stephen Fry
The effect of t )
is to yield conce

Monday, March 08, 2004

"People are poor because they are lazy.”
--G.W. Bush

At Harvard Business School, thirty years ago, George Bush was a student of mine. | still
vividly remember him. In my class, he declared that ‘people are poor because they are lazy."
He was opposed to labor unions, social security, environmental protection, Medicare, and
public schools, To him, the antitrust watch dog, the Federal Trade Commission, and the
Securities Exchange Commission were unnecessary hindrances to “free market
competition." To him, Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was "socialism." Recently, President
Bush's Federal Appeals Court Nominee, California's Supreme Court Justice Janice Brown,
repeated the same broadside at her Senate hearing. She knew that her pronouncement
would please President Bush and Karl Rove and their Senators. President Bush and his
brain, Karl Rove, are leading a radical revolution of destroying all the democratic political,
social, judiciary, and economic institutions that both Democrats and moderate Republicans
had built together since Roosevelt's New Deal.

Posted by Jude Nagurney Camwell at ;

Declaration of Conscience

.. | don’t want to see the Republican Party ride to political
victory on the Four Horsemen of Calumny-- Fear, Ignorance,
Bigotry, and Smear.

.. As an American, | condemn a Republican "Fascist" just as much | condemn a Democratic
"Communist.... They are equally dangerous to you and me and to our country. As an
American, | want to see our nation recapture the strength and unity it once had when we
fought the enemy instead of ourselves.

Senator Margaret Chase Smith, June 1, 1950
We apologize for the
inconvenience. We are aware

of your neighborhood outage.
Unfortunately, we do not have an
estimated restoration at this time.
Our crews are working as quickly
and safely as they can to restore

service in your area. Thank you for
Ky your continued patience. ~DL

4:47 PM
The crisis consists precisely in the fact that the old
is dying and the new cannot be born; in this
interregnum a great variety of morbid

symptoms appear.

Antonio Gramsci

circa 1930
“| like your Christ, | do
not like your Christians.
Your Christians are so

unlike your Christ.”
~Mohandas Gandhi
“This special section is dedicated to them
and to their families and friends. Our
purpose is to ensure that none of us forgets
what all of us, as a nation, have lost.”

MARTIN BARON, Executive Editor, The Washington Post

The Washington Post
Deep Time
@rstackjr

Replying to @emorwee and @EricHolthaus

"| have never killed any one, but |
have read some obituary notices
with great satisfaction."

- Clarence Darrow
1:16 PM - 23 Aug 19 - Twitter Web App
Photo: Roland Morgan. © Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.

”As a woman in science,

| sincerely hope that my
receiving a Nobel Prize

will send a message to
young women everywhere
that the doors are open to
them and that they should
follow their dreams.”

Linda B. Buck

Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2004
Autobiography for @ Nobelprize.org
The ultimate lesson
is learning how to
love and be loved

unconditionally.
Elisabeth Ktibler-Ross

(THE WHEEL OF LIFE, 1997)
It is shameful that there are so few women in

science In China there are many, many women

in physics. There is a misconception in America

that women scientists are all dowdy spinsters.
This is the fault of men. In Chinese society, a

woman is valued for what she is, and men
encourage her to accomplishments yet she
remains eternally feminine.

— Chien Shiung, We —

AZ QUOTES

tt People ask me all the time,
‘What is it like to
be a woman at Google?’

I'm NOT A WOMEN
_ at Google; I'M A GEEK
} at Google.
d nd being a geek
s just GREAT”?

wwwacientistafoundation.com ~~ Marissa Mayer, New Yahoo CEO

66 1 irritates me to be told how
things have always been done. I
defy the tyranny of precedent. I

cannot afford the luxury of a closed

mind. 99
“They didn’t encourage people to get a
lead concentration, they didn’t close the
schools, the Health Regional Agency
didn’t send any alert.”

ANNIE THEBAUD-MONY
A public health expert in France leading calls for more transparency in the fire’s aftermath

@
“Women, you
have to treat >
Te

— Donald Trump

1992, New York magazine
Just areminder... 7”

“| did try and fuck her. She was married...|
moved on her like a bitch, but | couldn't
get there. And she was married, Then all of
a sudden | see her, she's not got theybig
phony tits and everything...|'ve got to use
some Tic Taes, just in case | start kissing
her. You know |'m automatically attracted
to beautiful. | just start kissing them. It’s
like a magnet. Just kiss. | don't even wait.
And when you're a star, they let you do it.
You can do anything. Grab them by the
pussy. You can do anything.”

- Donald Trump, The 45th President of the
United States.
Good.people don't. need
laws to tellthem to act
responsibly...
and bad people will
find away around

the laws.

-~PLATO
HOW AN ETHNIC GROUP
COMES TO BE RECOGNIZED AS SUCH

The basis for all these projects is ethnoracial mythmaking, which creates an
ethnic group and racial lore to characterize the group. For such mythmaking to
succeed, there needs to be a demographically significant subpopulation that is
large and sociologically significant enough to require the group to be identified
by a name, a creation story that explains how they got here, and a justification
for their place in the society into which they are’ Oo hig aoe of
mythmaking has several steps that can be identi :
recognizable. Not all steps
First, societal re
significant enough
history of the deme

the wise man bowed his head solemnly ah es

spoke: “theres actually zero dif Ference
between good and bad things. you imbecile.

you Fucking moron”

“Tam a collection of
dismantled almosts.”

— Anne Sexton
If Hannah Arendt is the
definitive voice on fascism
among our intellectual classes,
then surely black women who
have lived under fascist U.S.
policies here and abroad can
shed light on our cultural
moment.

Tressie McMillan Cottom
Thick: And Other Essays

#kindlequotes
or wanting to

‘Restoration is fear of mortality,
believe that anything that’s broken can return

to how it was.”

us losing

n humanity and becoming machines, which

ig killed 07

gel

touch with our ov

to kill and brutalise each other. Cops think of all non-

cops as les

nise the people they are sworn to protect and

dehumai
desensitise themselves in order to do that job.”

When you choose not to vote, you
allow for the worst people to decide
not only your future, but the future of
everyone you love.

They vote...
I've come to the point of view that
for European-American society and
culture to persist requires a
European-American majority, anda
clear one at that.

— dohn Tanton. —
One day, on tearing off some
old bark, | saw two rare
beetles and seized one in each
hand: then | saw a third and
new kind, which | could not
bear to lose, so that | popped
the one which | held in my
right hand into my mouth.
Alas it ejected some intensely
acrid fluid, which burnt my
tongue so that | was forced to
spit the beetle out, which was
lost, as well as the third one.

Charles Darwin

(om

There is no such thing as
writer's block for writers

whose standards are low
enough.

William Stafford, US poet

White Privilege is your
history heing part of
the core curriculum
and mine being taught

as an elective.
- Ozy Aloziem

WE LIVE IN CAPITALISM.
ITS POWER SEEMS
INESCAPABLE.

SO DID
THE DIVINE RIGHT
OF KINGS.

‘ANY
HUMAN POWER
CAN BE RESISTED
AND CHANGED BY
HUMAN BEINGS.
FIRST THEY ca

AME F
BECAUsE | WAS NO

THEN THEY CAME ae THE
menue | WAS Not A

“Prior to the Pell Grant, the aid went to
institutions to give to students. With the Pell
Grant, the dynamic changed.”

DAVID EVANS

professional staff, U.S. Senate Health, Education,
Labor, and Pensions Committee, 1978-1996
ta

1
LAS tne Grst touch Craft on
AS Citatt

itnalism

L:
Mstory,

Philip Graham, publisher, The Washington Post

Vs ’

are born free 4 der d
in dignity and rights.

Tous les étres humains
naissent libres et €gaux
en dignité et en droits.

SE

@ reddit
A Ke) (e|
remains a lie but
a lie told a

times becomes
the

- Joseph Goebbels
“People always say
that | didn't give up
my seat because |
was tired, but that
isn't true... No, the
only tired | was, was
tired of giving in.”
—Rosa Parks

\aifs PolitiComments.com
Publishers’ Note

Just before Langston Hughes died,
he finished the captions which ap:
pear in this book,

Understandably, we are proud
to be able to publish this very last
»roduct of one of America’s best-
ee literary figures.
Misery is when you heard
on the radio that the neighborhood
you live in is a slum but

you always thought it was home.

Misery is when your pals
see Harry Belafonte walking
down the street and they holler,

“Look, there’s Sidney Poitier.

Misery is when your white teacher
tells the class that all Negroes
can sing and you can’t

even carry a tune.
You are not compelled to form any opinion about this
ter before you, nor to disturb your peace of mind at all.
in themselves have no power to extort a verdict from
3:43 OB Ox Ouesg

We the people are
the rightful masters of both
Congress and the courts,
Not to overthrow the Constitution
but to overthrow the men
who pervert the Constitution.

— Abraham Lincoin

AZQUOTES

“we here
highly resolve...
that government ~
of the people,
_ by the people,
for the people,
shall not
perish from
the earth.”

—Abraham Lincoln, Gettysburg Address, 1863

@Heritage

You are blocked from following @nntaleb and
viewing @nntaleb's Tweets. Learn more

— Massim Nicholas Taleb —

"The right “recognizes something that few on the
left recognize: that campaign finance law underlies all
other substantive law.

In other words, no matter what you care about—
climate, women’s rights, abortion, taxes, healthcare,

it all comes back to who pays for elections"

Pauls Ryan ofthe Campaign Legal Center told Moo's Andy Krol,
From: “How to Sweep Dark Money Out of Polit

Undoing Citizens United, the DIV guide. cisca ceecty No Monica sauces

| have almost reached

the regrettable conclusion
that the Negro's great
stumbling block in his
stride toward freedo’
is not the Ku Klux K'

vA FASCIST IS

ONE WHOSE LUST
FOR MONEY OR

POWER IS

vy COMBINED
s WITH SUCH AN
ie INTENSITY OF
INTOLERANCE

TOWARD THOSE

OF OTHER RACES,
PARTIES, CLASSES,
RELIGIONS, CULTURES,
REGIONS OR NATIONS
AS TO MAKE HIM RUTHLESS

IN HIS USE OF DECEIT OR
VIOLENCE TO ATTAIN HIS ENDS.”
HENRY A. WALLACE

RESISTANCE “AMERICAN FASCISM” - NEW YORK TIMES -1944

THE YEATS READER

The Choice

The intellect of man is forced to choose
Perfection of the life, or of the work,

And if it take the second must refuse

A heavenly mansion, raging in the dark,
When all that story’s finished, what’s the news?
In luck or out the toil has left its mark:

That old perplexity an empty purse,

Or the day’s vanity, the night’s remorse.
as its —— or een negation. [HG aiGight at
Nothingness in general is merely the thoupht 6f Being
in general, Being as isolated or “intitself, WHicH is
instantly seen to be Void aiid insiifficient, Being is
not, non-Being js; they are by virtue Gf Gach other.
In thought as in reality they pass into one another
all the time, and are thus set in motion and enter
into the Becoming, or ‘Being which remains in itself

sy aati and yet it is an sai or denen, be-
cause it posits what had been implied in the notion.
{E i

Man, like the universe, is a machine.
Nothing enters our minds or
determines our actions which is not
directly or indirectly a response to
stimuli beating upon our sense
organs from without.

— WMikela Tesla —

AZ QUOTES

JOURNALISM 101:
“If someone says it's raining
& another person says it's
dry, it's not your job to quote
them both. Your job is to look
out the fucking window and
find out which is true.”
POOLER, Circuit Judge, dissenting:

Prolonged solitary confinement is one of the true horrors of the modern-
day penal system. “Years on end of near-total isolation exact a terrible price.”
Davis v. Ayala, 135 S, Ct. 2187, 2210 (2015) (Kennedy, J., concurring). Studies have

shown that prolonged solitary confinement can result in paranoia, hallucinations,

suicidal ideation, feelings of impending doom, decline in mental functioning,
insomnia, nightmares, and many other symptoms related to severe depression.

and anxiety. See Porter v. Clarke, 923 F.3d 348, 355-57 (4th Cir

include post-traumatic stress disorder (“PTSD”), self-mutilation, obsessional

thinking, dangerous weight loss, and aggravation of preexisting health issues.

Williams v. Sec’y Pa Dep't of Corr., 848 F.3d 549, 566 (3d Cir. 2017). “[T]here isnot a
single study of solitary confinement wherein nonvoluntary confinement that
lasted for longer than 10 days failed to result in negative psychological effects.”

Id. at 566 (internal quotation marks, brackets, and citations omitted). That these

scars may not be visible makes them no less agonizing.
a
How Crime Labs Translate
Evidence into Proof

AAMC ISS LOL OULSICGE audiences. UNIKe Climate Scientists, who
choose whether and how to participate in public science, crimin
do not have the autonomy to walk away from their audiences, They t
to work ina state of anticipation and translation; their work is organi

Arla A nea oe er

Criminalists are a model case of what happens to expert workers
teachers, doctors, or engineers who have “good jobs,” but are requi
to work within systems beyond their control. Perhaps securing exp
tise once promised some level of autonomy; this was particularly t
for professionals, who often worked in partnerships managed throu
the collegial interactions ofa set of peers. Today, being an expert work
‘often means that you report to nonexperts, or must justify your ex
tence to those who do not know your field. Working with and depend
ing on those outside of their occupational boundaries influences
perts’ work practices. Watching criminalists adapt to new technologi
invent new ways to communicate their science, and struggle to sO
how their subjective yet informed judgments are better than allege :
objective machines or automated algorithms is valuable; it offers less
for other expert workers. :

0 Important to understand the real way science 1S pid
and the messy ways that knowledge is produced. Many want to beli
that the work of criminalists is flawless, and that science itselfis flaw

ThA wriwrns oon oe ee a A ed a eae ee eee at the
See ick] : °
Colby’s keyboard, he quickly started pouring out all his troubles,
much to the embarrassment of onlookers. He wasn’t the only one.
would-be patients besieged Weizenbaum with phone calls, beg-
ging him to put them on-line so they could pull themselves to-
gether. Weizenbaum got so spooked by all this that he wrote his
hook, Computer Power and Human Reason, in which he con-
demned Al as the province of madmen and psychopaths. He still
labors in the AI lab at MIT, a voice of conscience among the
guesters, but he is a controversial figure among his colleagues. To
them he’s an example of what can happen when a scientist
becomes obsessed with the social consequences of his research; as
one of them put it, “You shouldn’t get bogged down because you

cant compute the future.”
The next significant development in natural language was

SHRDLU, a program developed at the end of the decade by

We pen’
Howaro ZINN

CIVIL/DISOBEDIENCE IS NOT OUR PROBLEM. OUR PROBLEM IS CIVIL
OBEDIENCE. OUR PROBLEM IS THAT PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD
HAVE OBEYED THE DICTATES OF THE LEADERS OF THEIR
GOVERNMENT AND HAVE GONE TO WAR, AND MILLIONS HAVE BEEN
KILLED BECAUSE OF THIS OBEDIENCE..OUR PROBLEM IS THAT
PEOPLE ARE OBEDIENT ALL OVER THE WORLD IN THE FACE OF
POVERTY AND STARVATION AND STUPIDITY, AND WAR, AND
CRUELTY. OUR PROBLEM IS THAT PEOPLE ARE OBEDIENT WHILE THE
JAILS ARE FULL OF PETTY THIEVES, AND ALL THE WHILE THE GRAND,
THIEVES ARE RUNNING THE COUNTRY. THATS OUR PROBLEM

E A Cs.
nglish 7
doesn't borrow # ' it,
from other “qe 4 We.
languages. Riles)

Se
English follows other languages

down dark alleys,
knocks them over and

goes through their pockets
for loose grammar.
“WERL DONE,
HERE COME THE
TEST RESULTS:

“YOU AREA
HORRIBLE PERSON.”
THAT'S WHAT IT SAYS.
WE.WEREN’T EVEN TESTING

FOR THAT. Groce
“Live a good life. If
there are gods and

are just, then they

not care how devou|

you have been, but v
welcome you based o
the virtues you have
lived by. If there are
gods, but unjust

you should no

worship them,

are no gods,

will be gone,

have lived a noble:

that will live on in the
memories of your loved
ones."

- Marcus Aurelius
O ween stew h fooe with The weattere .
@ Avro Peveques
© Mever vie h Verb oem THAY
qo CARRY NALIGUE-
© MEVER WsE Am _ADVERG Tr monk 7
Te ung “SAIDS
. peer ye. EXCLAMATION,
Bok OE Monta “tourect!

“Stan

(Fe aN] © kvnd netawen

aN OescaipTionS OF CitanactenS

@ SAME Foe Peaces +THgs !

(D veave ot The PAnrs
nesmens Tene Te
ee.
erdioe)
‘guiqadd AULT

gses OU) OF qund pue
Aah JO 818084 Guipueysino,

-fynpenod 9, ore ‘AYNYOIES ¥ SYP
Sis) SHE, 80080 0} PEPHSP nok ene CUM,

sPYO

‘fySHOSUI9 yosoep

“We got a lot of phone calls
and letters, probably more
than any other episode
| can recall.
Interestingly, most of the
phone calls were negative,
‘while most of the letters were
positive.

One that | will always re-
member was a call that one
of our p.a.s took.

Aman said,
"You're ruining my kids by
making them watch two
women kiss like that.”

And our p.a. said,
‘Let me ask you a question.
Would you have been okay
if one of the women had
shot the other to death with
‘a phaser and the kids
watched that?"

And he said,
"Yes, of course.’

And the p.a. said,
‘Well, maybe you'd better
think about who it is that

is ruining your kids.”
Nobody tells this to people who are beginners. I wish someone had
told me. All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have
good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff,
its just not that good. It's tying to be good, it has potential, but it's not.
But your faste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your
taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people mever get past
this phase; they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative
work went through years of this. We know our work doesn't have this
special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you
are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know that it's

normal and the most important thing you can do is do a Jot of work. Put
yourself on a deadline so that every week you finish one piece. It's only
by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and
your work will be as good as your ambitions. And I took longer to figure
out how to do this than anyone I've ever met. It's gonna take a while. It's
normal to take awhile. You just gotta fight your way through.

Nobody tells this to people who are beginners. I wish someone had
told me. All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have
good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff,
its just not that good. It's fying to be good, it has potential, but it's not.
But your faste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your
taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people mever get past
this phase; they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative
work went through years of this. We know our work doesn't have this
special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you
are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know that it's

normal and the most important thing you can dois do a Jot of work. Put
yourself on a deadline so that every week you finish one piece. It's only
by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and
your work will be as good as your ambitions. And I tooklonger to figure
out how to do this than anyone I've ever met. It's gonna take a while. Its
normal to take awhile. You just gotta fight your way through.

Tra Glass

e.Con.
f-Cons

Disobedience is the true foundation of
liberty. The obedient must be slaves.

—Henry David Thoreau
CGhe job of a revolutionary is, of course, to
overthrow unjust systems and replace them
with just systems because a revolutionary
understands this can only be done by the
masses of the people.”

Kwame Ture
THE DATA HAVE LANDED , G i

/

Eipst THEY SAID THEY NEEDED DATA 4
ABov| THe CHIDREN be"

To FIND OUT WHAT THeyRE LEARNING. \

yess THet SAID THEY NEBDED DATA 5
ABOUT THE CHICDREN va
“ty MAKE SURE THEY ARE LEARMING.

“THEN THE CHILDREN ONDY LEARNT <M
WHAT, coum Be TURNED INTo DATA,

fw

Ad THEN THe CHILDREN BECAME /
DATA (4
Wi
AN

|AWCAAEL ROSEN Fy C2

EWR poe ik

a
THE NEW YORKER

To put them in perspective, I think of
being on an airplane. The flight
attendant comes down the aisle with her
food cart and, eventually, parks it beside
my seat. “Can | interest you in the
chicken?” she asks. “Or would you prefer
the platter of shit with bits of broken
glass in it?”

To be undecided in this election is to

pause for a moment and then ask how

the chicken is cooked.

David Sedaris.
Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dolla
a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather
boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots,
which were sort of OK for a season or two and then
leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about —
ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes swipes
bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he =

_ could tell where he was in. Da ene on a foggy

night by the feel of the cobbles. —_

But the thing was that good boots lasted for years ae
years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of —
boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years’
time, while a poor man who could only afford =
boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in _ =
the same time and would still have wet feet. ——

This was the Captain Samuel Vimes ‘Boots’ —_ of
socio-economic unfairness.
You'd like Freedom, Truth, and Justice, wouldn't you, Comrade
Sergeant?’ said Reg encouragingly.

‘I'd like a hard-boiled egg,' said Vimes, shaking the match out.
There was some nervous laughter, but Reg looked offended.

‘In the circumstances, Sergeant, I think we should set our sights a
little higher--'

"Well, yes, we could,’ said Vimes, coming down the steps. He
glanced at the sheets of papers in front of Reg. The man cared. He
really did. And he was serious. He really was. 'But...well, Reg,
tomorrow the sun will come up again, and I'm pretty sure that
whatever happens we won't have found Freedom, and there won't
be a whole lot of Justice, and I'm damn sure we won't have found
Truth. But it's just possible that I might get a hard-boiled egg.
“it’s not as simple as that. It's not a black and
White issue. There are so many shades of grey.”

“There's no greys, only white that's got grubby.
I'm surprised you don’t know that. And sin,
young man, is when you treat people as things.

Including yourself. That's what sin is.
“It's a lot more complicated than that—"
“No. It ain't. When people say things are more
complicated than that, they means theyre
getting worried that they won't like the truth.
People as things, that’s where it starts.”
“Oh, I'm sure there are worse crimes—"
“But they starts with thinking about people as.
things...”

Carpe Sugutum
TERRY PRATCHETT
Race after Technology

e ALBLA
@alliebland

T
bs Google Maps was like,
" colm Ten Boulevard" and

ere no black engineers wor
9:42 PM - 19 Nov 2013

Following

"turn right on

I knew there
king there

3,656 Retweets 3,749 Likes a 2 i :
seCOOKrO

QO w tlsaxk © ax fe

Figure 2.1 Malcolm Ten

Source: Twitter @alliebland, November 19, 2013, 9:42 fa
> 9 72 p.m.

reflects as
2.

com uter Ss ;

ame Any texeatas “ten,” was a hard-won design

4 4 That is, from a strictly technical stand-

Default Discrimination

m of misrecognition actually
difficult coding challenge. A
Roman numerals, inter-

ronically, this proble
olution to a
ability to parse

achievement.

point, “Malco
This illustrates
and concerns 0
solved, and how s
of social dismissal, regar

vidual programmers.
While most observers are willing to concede that
tgs ee gael eerie pinot thes pemodla

Im Ten Boulevard” would garner cheers.
how innovations reflect the priorities
£ those who frame the problems to be
uch solutions may reinforce forms
dless of the intentions of indi-
WHEN $u AEBATE® PERGEN
Sometiiwg that atrecks them (MORE ] \ORE | than
it Affects Jou, REMEMBER that cb wie tare
Romvck GREATER: EmotiowAl Toll ow Hen
THAN on ou. Foe you ik may FEEL Like an
Fok them, ik Peers
ik PAin A> Have

come ES Rheie HUMANITY! tHE Fact

thok Yor migut REmAIN moet CAL yNrER
TMESE Cikcumstancey sw A CONSE QVENCE
of gare PAVILESES Not INCREASE A
Gypecrinlty oN Youg Mo pass :

shitpostsampler.tumbir.com gumroad.com/shitpostsampler
= Wee. 4 neti

must have a conscience...
5 we) sti te 3
ay ae i be]
SCHOOL

WE ARE TRAUMA-INFORMED.
WE CONNECT BEFORE WE CORRECT.
WE STAY CURIOUS NOT FURIOUS.
WE UNDERSTAND, BEHAVIOUR IS COMMUNICATION.
WE BELIEVE IN CO-REGULATION, THAT CHILDREN
REGULATE OFF THE ADULTS IN THEIR LIVES.
WE THINK CAN’T - NOT WON’T.
WE EMPATHISE WHEN
SOMEONE IS FLIPPING THEIR LID.
WE BELIEVE IN RESTORATION - NOT PUNISHMENT.
WE BELIEVE THAT RELATIONSHIPS
BUFFER STRESS AND BUILD RESILIENCE.
si a a NEED ONE ANOTHER, ALWAYS.
lIENCE MEANS WE SEE you
WE HEAR YOU, WE ARE WITH YoU.
ae

a MOT [VE WEIG H ED i E SES

THE CONCEPT OF ORGANIZATION*
BY EGON BITTNER

I. recent years a good deal of the very best sociological work has
been devoted to the study of organization. Although the term,
organization, belongs to the category of expressions about which
there is maintained an air of informed vagueness, certain special
conventions exist that focus its use, with qualifications, on a de-
limited set of phenomena. In accordance with these conventions,
the term applies correctly to stable associations of persons engaged
in concerted activities directed to the attainment of specific objec-
tives. It is thought to be a decisive characteristic of such organiza-
tions that they are deliberately instituted relative to these objec-
tives. Because organizations, in this sense, are implementing and
implemented programs of action that involve a substantial dose
of comprehensive and rational planning, they are identified as
instances of formal or rational organization in order to differ-
entiate them from other forms."
G(R Cae 2orpy

TODAY

O
(e)
i
oO
uy
Zz
<
[ad
~o

mucH

“We've arranged a global civilization in which
most crucial elements profoundly depend on
science and technology. We have also
arranged things so that almost no one
understands science and technology. This is a
prescription for disaster. We might get away
with it for a while, but sooner or later this
combustible mixture of ignorance and power is
going to blow up in our faces.” -Carl Sagan
>

“Once more, let me remind you what
fascism is. | need not wear a brown shirt
or a green shirt.

Fascism begins the moment a ruling
class, fearing the people may use their
political democracy to gain economic
democracy, begins to destroy political
democracy in order to retain its power
of exploitation and special privilege.”

- Tommy Douglas

>

I'm not arguing there are no decent
people in the Tory Party, but they're
like bits of nina turd;
technically they've kept their
integrity, but they're still

Author

POLITICS
@ archpaper.com

Lesley Lokko resigns as dean of
Spitzer School of Architecture at
City College of New York

“My decision to leave Spitzer after
less than a year is fairly
straightforward: I was not able to
build enough support to be able to
deliver on either my promise of
change, or my vision of it. The
reasons why are more complex. Part
of it has to do with COVID-19 and
the rapid lockdown, which occurred
after only three months in post. It’s
hard enough to build social capital
in a new place without having to do
it over Zoom. Part of it too has to do
with the wider inflexibility of US.
academic structures. In an incredibly
bureaucratic and highly-regulated
context, change is as much
administrative as it is conceptual.
The lack of meaningful support—not
lip service, of which there’s always a
surfeit—meant my workload was
absolutely crippling. No job is worth
one’s life and at times I genuinely
feared for my own. Race is never far
from the surface of any situation in
the U.S. Having come directly from
South Africa, I wasn’t prepared for
the way it manifests in the U.S. and
quite simply, I lacked the tools to
both process and deflect it. The lack
of respect and empathy for Black
people, especially Black women,
caught me off guard, although it’s by
no means unique to Spitzer. I
suppose I’d say in the end that my
resignation was a profound act of

self-preservation.”
ee D

“My decision to leave Spitzer after less than a year is fairly straightforward: I was not able to build enough
support to be able to deliver on either my promise of change, or my vision of it. The reasons why are more
complex. Part of it has to do with COVID-19 and the rapid lockdown, which occurred after only three months
in post. It’s hard enough to build social capital in a new place without having to do it over Zoom. Part of it too
has to do with the wider inflexibility of U.S. academic structures. In an incredibly bureaucratic and highly-
regulated context, change is as much administrative as it is conceptual. The lack of meaningful support—not
lip service, of which there’s always a surfeit—meant my workload was absolutely crippling. No job is worth
one’s life and at times I genuinely feared for my own. Race is never far from the surface of any situation in the
U.S. Having come directly from South Africa, I wasn’t prepared for the way it manifests in the U.S. and quite
simply, I lacked the tools to both process and deflect it. The lack of respect and empathy for Black people,
especially Black women, caught me off guard, although it’s by no means unique to Spitzer. I suppose I’d say in

the end that my resignation was a profound act of self-preservation.”
66

What part of ‘stand
back and stand by’
did these idiots not
understand?

Josh Dengel
Unemployed
Anthony Bourdain ©
@Bourdain

Frequently, I’ve come to regret things
I've said. This, from 2001, is not one of
those times:

ea °°

Once you've been to Cambodia, you'll
never stop wanting to beat Henry
Kissinger to death with your bare
hands. You will never again be able to
open a newspaper and read about that
treacherous, prevaricating, murderous
scumbag sitting down for a nice chat
with Charlie Rose or attending some
black-tie affair for a new glossy
magazine without choking. Witness
what Henry did in Cambodia — the
fruits of his genius for statesmanship
— and you will never understand why
he’s not sitting in the dock at The
Hague next to MiloSevi¢.

Anthony Bourdain, A Cook's Tour: Global
Adventures in Extreme Cuisines
like

wv
SANKARA: Yes. You cannot carry out fundamental change
without a certain amount of madness. In this case, it comes
from nonconformity, the courage to turn your back on the
old formulas, the courage to invent the future. Besides, it
took the madmen of yesterday for us to be able to act with
extreme clarity today. I want to be one of those madmen.

Rapp: To invent the future?

SANKARA: Yes. We must dare to invent the future.
ee

Our capitalist society
prioritizes production and
efficiency above all else,
and this is pervasive
throughout academia.

When we don't allow for restful
periods, we don't allow for the
regenerative growth that is
required for new ideas to flourish.
New ideas are a cornerstone of
academia, and we must prioritize
the health of academics.

—— KIRAFISH, B. A. (SHE/THEY)
Status: Currently a social worker in mental health;
applying to PhD programs in marine geochemistry
Location: San Diego, CA, USA

“Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have
tried to make it precise.”

— Bertrand Russell

"Charity is a cold
grey loveless thing.
If a rich man wants
to help the poor, he =

should pay his
taxes gladly, not
dole out money at
a whim."

Clement Attlee

Vanity Fair: Do you worry about the

reaction to your book?

Talia Lavin: You mean am I worried I’m going to

be murdered?
Yes.

I think anyone who engages with the far right
journalistically or as an activist worries about being
murdered. But I worked on an operating principle
of not letting these people steal my right to speak
out of fear, and that’s how I’m continuing to
operate. On the balance of things I'd prefer not to
be murdered, but if I have to go somehow, I guess
standing up against Nazis in 2020 America isn’t the

worst reason.
Ally Henny @ aes
7 hrs + @

It's funny how nooooooobody talks about “Irish
Slaves” until Black people start protesting for
their freedom. Then fragile people of whiteness
resume their social media campaign of
conflating indentured servitude with slavery.

People will try to shout down Black folks’
oppression by claiming that there were white
folks who were also oppressed, as if that
somehow justifies oppression of any sort. |
need y'all to get a better narrative.

If you want to have a discussion about the
injustices perpetuated against Irish
immigrants, have at it. But don’t use it as a way
to diminish the oppression of Black people that
has spanned over 400 years and covers five
centuries of history.
Ka “

And fantasy it was, for we were not
strong, only aggressive; we were not
free, merely licensed; we were not
compassionate, we were polite; not
good, but well behaved. We courted
death in order to call ourselves brave,
and hid like thieves from life. We
substituted good grammar for
intellect; we switched habits to
simulate maturity; we rearranged lies
and called it truth, seeing in the new
pattern of an old idea the Revelation
and the Word.

Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye
A_acientist

coop Some of us are sta
os | nelined to think that today the world | jue

lis one huge insane asylum, where the | pla
ral cane are kept in bondage by the tne we
on | sane. ‘tril

ne taahme avenmaanename! ¢

> tin in BA

WISDOM FROM TONI
MORRISON THE GAWD

language, so
you do. Somebody says your head isnt shaped
properly, so you have scientists working on the fact
that itis, Someone says you have no art, SO you
‘dredge thal up. Somebody says you have No
kingdoms, so you dredge that up. None of that is
‘necessary. There will always be one more thing.”

In 1995 racism may wear a new dress, buy a new pair of boots, but
neither it nor its succubus twin fascism is new or can make anything
new. It can only reproduce the environment that supports its own
health: fear, denial, and an atmosphere in which its victims have lost
the will to fight.

The forces interested in fascist solutions to national problems are
not to be found in one political party or another, or in one or another
wing of any single political party. Democrats have no unsullied his-
tory of egalitarianism. Nor are liberals free of domination agendas.

ublicans have housed abolitionists and white supremacists. Con-
el : beral; right, left, hard left, far right; religious,
we mus not be blindsided by these Pepsi-Cola,
enius of fascism is that any political
ally any developed country can
ks ideology, but it is really just

metimes people hold a core
belief that is very strong. When they
are presented with evidence that
works against that belief the new
evidence cannot be accepted. It
would create a feeling that is
extremely uncomfortable, called
cognitive dissonance.

And because it is so important to
protect the core belief they will
rationalize, ignore and even deny
anything that doesn't fit in with the

core belief’

Frantz Fanon

“This country is a nation of thieves. It stole
everything it has, beginning with black
people. The U.S. cannot justify its existence
as the policeman of the world any longer. | do
not want to be a part of the American pie. The
American pie means raping South Africa,
beating Vietnam, beating South America,

raping the Philippines, raping every country
you've been in. | don’t want any of your blood
money. | don't want to be part of that system.
We must question whether or not we want
this country to continue being the wealthiest
country in the world at the price of raping
everybody else.”

KWAME TURE
manifesto

#make bad videogames
swith orbs
twhere you can get stuck in walls
#and fall through floors
#that embrace the glitches & bugs
swith amateurish hand drawn sratix
#that explore unexplored emotions

twhere vou can pet animals
#and pick flowers

#and make friends

awith no other goals

‘© When you hear moderate
Democrats pin their losses
on ‘defund’ or the movement
for Black lives ... it shows
how little they care about
police violence actually and
how little they care about
Black death.

—Maurice Mitchell, Working Families Party
"It is an honor to stand before you, for you represent the freedom
and the future of our galaxy. The once-great Republic and Jedi
Order have become victims of their own ambitions, and the
Supreme Chancellor is no more than a pawn of corporate
monopolies. As a people you called out for change, you called out
for leadership, and | humbly answered that call. Together we
challenged the system. We asked for equality. And how were we
met? With war! The Jedi secret army of clones was revealed, and
their treachery was far greater than we could have imagined!
Countless living beings—these clones the Jedi created—have
been sent to their deaths, while we sacrifice mainly droids. Our
soldiers of flesh and blood are willing participants! They are your
fathers and sons, mothers and daughters, who fight not because
they were grown and designed to do so, but because they know in
their hearts that they are fighting for a just and noble cause!"
—Head of State Dooku addresses a gala of Separatist
dignitaries!s"¢]
« Ontology is the study of beings or their being — what is.

« Epistemology is the study of knowledge—how we know.

« Logic is the study of valid reasoning — how to reason.

e Ethics is the study of right and wrong—how we should act.

« Phenomenology is the study of our experience—how we experience.

the WHY CHEAP ART? manifesto

PEOPLE have been THINKING too long that
ART is a PRIVILEGE of the MUSEUMS & the
RICH. ART IS NOT BUSINESS !

It does not belong to banks & fancy investors
ART IS FOOD . You cant EAT it BUT it FEEDS
you. ART has to be CHEAP & available to
EVERYBODY. It needs to be EVERYWHERE
because it is the INSIDE of the
WORLD. -

ART SOOTHES PAIN!

Art wakes up sleepers !

ART FIGHTS AGAINST WAR & STUPIDITY |

ART SINGS HALLELUJA!
ART IS FOR KITCHENS !

ARTIS LIKE GOOD BREAD!

Art is like green trees!

AR is like "IS clouds in blue AP !

HURRAH

Bread & Puppet Glover, Vermont, 1984
The man who is unwilling to wear
a flu mask usually is of the kind who
expects everybody to listen to him
‘when he speaks
SUSAN HARLAN
>

My First Name

No, you can’t call me
By my first name,
‘And yess

{know that

‘A male professor
‘Told you that titles
Are silly

Because 4 certain genre
Of man

Is always dying

To performatively
Divest himself
Ofhis easily wo"
Authority.

Porter

ror
Fuck Your Lecture on Craft, My
People Are Dying
BY NOOR HINDI
Colonizers write about flowers.
I tell you about children throwing rocks at Israeli
tanks
seconds before becoming daisies.
want to be like those poets who care about the
moon.
Palestinians don’t see the moon from jail cells and
prisons.
t’s so beautiful, the moon.
They’re so beautiful, the flowers.
I pick flowers for my dead father when I’m sad.
He watches Al Jazeera all day.
wish Jessica would stop texting me Happy
Ramadan.

know I’m American because when I walk into a
room something dies.
Metaphors about death are for poets who think
ghosts care about sound.
When I die, I promise to haunt you forever.
One day, I'll write about the flowers like we own
them.
The IRAs threat to kill Margaret
Thatcher has somehow ended
up on Facebook as an
inspirational quote

Ivanka Trump @ @lvankaTrump - 6h
Taken!

J, Elon Musk @ @elonmusk 7h
Take the red pill

Oarsa Took Oarxe &

Lilly Wachowski @
y @lilly wachowski
Replying to @lvankaTrump
Fuck both of you

12:36 - 5/17/20 - Twitter for iPhone
i
«You ask about fal, may speak (oneal,

'
‘Ay o Sat. ata
thats, a masculine“ question.

= 3

,*

.-

iP ‘
Men alwaySenn want lential?

to be influential=
wre
POLITICAL @ CULTURAG

TIME OF DAY. | A
COMP EY USE TO IND i
THEMSELVES ON THE: UMAN

of wie intellectual and ethical complexity, turning their action
to violence, their actors to dolls, and their truth-telling to senti-
mental platitude. Heroes brandish their swords, lasers, wands, as
mechanically as combine harvesters, reaping profits. Profoundly
disturbing moral choices are sanitized, made cute, made safe. The
passionately conceived ideas of the great storytellers are copied,
stereotyped, reduced to toys, molded in bright-colored plastic, ad-
vertised, sold, broken, junked, replaceable, interchangeable.

What the commodifiers of fantasy count on and exploit is the
insuperable imagination of the reader, child or adult, which gives

even these dead things life-— of a sort, for a while.

-

ee ON i le
I responded to your first letter out of
courtesy. I ignored the second as a hint that I did
not intend to become your permanent pen pal. The
arrival of still a third obliges me to be a little more
explicit.

I have always been interested in the morbid
aberrations which drive persons like yourself so
pompously to seek correspondence with strangers.
In this respect your letters have been illuminating.
But they also reveal you as a witless and
meddlesome old ass, self-deluded and full of
vapours.

I must, therefore, urge you in the future to
address yourself to your own affairs rather than to
mine. As an incentive toward this healthy goal, I
promise that your future correspondence will be
returned to you unopened.

Dalton Trumbo
Letter to ‘Mr. K-
12 January 1948
One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled
long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We're
no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has cap-
tured us. It’s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that
we've been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you al-
“most never get it back. So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the
Tew ones rise.
_ Séances occur *- in darkened rooms, where the ghostly visitors
*  _ If we turn up the lights a little, so we have a
ig on, the spirits vanish. They’re shy, we’re
eve it. In twentieth-century parapsychology
“observer effect”: Those described as gifted
powers diminish markedly whenever skeptics
ltogether in the presence of a conjurer as skilled
they need is darkness and gullibility.

DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language

DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language
DSLs should be embedded in a real programming language

The Best Gorilla
Joke of 1897

Gorilla: Did you hear about the gorilla who
escaped from the zoo?

Zookeeper: No, I gid not.
Gorilla: That is because | am a quiet gorilla.

iMuffled sounds of gorilla violence]
@ThornCoyle

_ approximate status quo drivethe

=< ..
~ae ;. s ~
> by 6) ri io ~.
—

wen

LOT ape let Sante is like the -

narrative about a few bad apples. i
Yes, as the saying goes, we have

to talk about the barrel. |
But we also have to talk about

the orchard.
The seeds.

The soil in which they were sown.

And who did the
planting.

——

— Rabbi Danya Ruttenberg
The ideal subject of totalitarian
tule is not the convinced
Nazi or the dedicated
communist, but people for

whom the distinction between
fact and fiction, true and
false, no longer exists.

HANNAH ARENDT

6¢ Power without love is reckless and
abusive, and love without power is
sentimental and anemic. Power at its
best is love implementing the
demands of justice, and justice at its
best is power correcting everything
that stands against love.

Martin Luther King Jr.
“The free-rider worry, incidentally, is

typically defined androcentrically as a worry
about shirking paid employment.

Little attention is paid, in contrast, to a far more
widespread problem, namely,

men’s free riding on women’s unpaid
domestic labour”

“To exist is to differ; difference, in one sense, is the substantial
side of things, what they have most in common and what makes
them most different. One has to start from this difference and
to abstain from trying to explain it, especially by starting with
identity, as so many persons wrongly do. Because identity is a
minimum and, hence, a type of difference, and a very rare type
at that, in the same way as rest is a type of movement and the
circle a type of ellipse.” (p. 73)
The egalitarianism, civility, sense of freedom, and shared
eee Portrayed by E. B, White were the essence of mid-

twentieth-century American democracy. Today that vision is

under assault. To save our democracy, Americans need to re-

store the basic norms that once protected it. But we must do
more than that. We ‘must extend those norms through the
America's democratic norms, at their core, have always been
sound. But for much of our history, they were accompanied—
indeed, sustained—by racial exclusion. Now those norms must
be made to work in an age of racial equality and unprecedented

ethnic diversity. Few societies in history have managed to be
(eee BAA SAEORLLEE STONE SEF SLI SEE SELL TO OE RINALDI A SS PEER EA WDA ITEP SOE a

both multiracial and genuinely democratic. That is our chal-
lenge, It is also our opportunity. If we meet it, America will

truly be exceptional.
When people say,
“we have made it
through worse before”

— Clint Smith

all I hear is the wind slapping against the gravestones
of those who did not make it, those who did not
survive to see the confetti fall from the sky, those who

did not live to watch the parade roll down the street.
I have grown accustomed to a lifetime of aphorisms
meant to assuage my fears, pithy sayings meant to

convey that everything ends up fine in the end. There is no
solace in rearranging language to make a different word
tell the same lie. Sometimes the moral arc of the universe

does not bend in a direction that will comfort us.
Sometimes it bends in ways we don’t expect & there are
people who fall off in the process. Please, dear reader,

do not say I am hopeless, I believe there is a better future
to fight for, I simply accept the possibility that I may not
live to see it. | have grown weary of telling myself lies

that I might one day begin to believe. We are not all left
standing after the war has ended. Some of us have
become ghosts by the time the dust has settled.
Ea a Ph Oa teas att OD Bx adee Pelt — "ei a Pe =. he
claim t to novelty in detail, be reason why I give no sources is

hay a had bor ieee else.

I will only mention that I am indebted to Fre#’s oreat works and
it willbe a great day

Jason Rohrer @
@jasonrohrer

Mr President: Your message of Unity and Healing was
heart-felt, but there are 74M lost souls. If we really care
about healing, they need a big olive branch. Simple and
obvious gestures: 1. Pardon Trump, so we can ALL
move on. 2. Promise to complete their wall. @POTUS
@JoeBiden

5:30 AM - Jan 23, 2021 - Twitter Web App
visit later).
To Stewart:

A by-the-by: I’ve noticed that all these complex systems generators
(such as ‘Life’ and “Boids’ (the flocking one) and “The Great Learning’)
have something in common - just three rules for each. And these
three rules seem to share a certain similarity of relationship: one rule
generates, another reduces, another maintains. I suppose it’s obvious,
really, but perhaps it’s not trivial to wonder if those three conditions are
all you need to specify in order to create a complex system generator
(and then to wonder how those are actually being expressed in complex
systems we see around us).
152
CHAPTER ELEypy

that had been produced at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, As those who
planned the transport and handling of this potentially lethal object Teminded
Brookhaven staff, “It will be impossible for all intents and Purposes for any-
one to work in the direct beam [of the cobalt-6o source]. Even at ten feet,
the weekly maximum Permissible dose will be acquired in approximately
thirty seconds”? A few years later, the radiation intensity (which had been
increased still further) posed a serious problem when the mechanism for rais-
ing and lowering the source failed, leaving the source at its position atop the
pipe—effectively preventing any entrance to the field and certainly any effort
to approach and repair the snag. The eventual solution decided on was to have

the Brookhaven machinist Edward Nicholson, who also happened to be an

expert marksman, shoot through the cable from a distance, thereby releasing
the:source-into the lead shielding below. Per orders of the Health Physics”
“Department, Nicholson had to stay at least 100 feet from the pipe, and he was
given only one minute to make the attempt. According to a later account, he
__ succeeded on the second shot, liberating the field for use—and avoiding the
still worse outcome of striking the cobalt, the dispersal of which would have
contaminated the site for years.

In addition to creating new human health threats, the dramatic increase
in radioactivity in the gamma field created new opportunities for research.
Plants 7 meters from the source would now receive about the same amount
of radiation that plants 2 meters from the old 16-curie source had received.
This in turn meant a circumference of 44 meters along which plants would
receive this dose of radiation, instead of just 12.5 meters—and the expansion
of course held for every radiation dose.* The scope of experiments expanded
in turn. For example, Sparrow took the opportunity to investigate a greater
number of species. He now incorporated barley, cotton, lupine, xanthium,
snapdragons, gladiolus flowers, tomatoes, and more.* The following year, his

ings i ifferent species.**
lantings included nearly fifty di
P eee a too. extended his research. When he was first hired. he had

=
O D

Y) —_

£G 2 an
cog 8a g
9 Od y ~ —
Be c= a) co)
3S Oyv Sc YU fae
Oo sr oo
Aes -FO >

modvoges:,

Cc
— OC FT Orr L& 45 W

cp OQoac oO
Cec ELGG c
ogo © US BSH O
‘cc Sk Cc wo

ra mo 6 Oo =
Vofsu 5 Oo 'Z
egcvu"ese EV,
a= Cevaea §&
=e Ef os
qf Oe Oe C& —
s-c© & SLL a)

—

oe

Soe

Amine Mechaal @
@AmineMechaal

He's Ibn Sina, not Avicenna.
He's Ibn Rushd, not Averroes.
He's Jabir Ibn Hayyan, not Geber.

Stop Latinizing the names of Muslim scholars
to conceal the fact that they were Muslims.
You don't see us calling Shakespeares "Sheikh
Zubayr".
“Never believe that anti-Semites are completely unaware of the
absurdity of their replies. They know that their remarks are
frivolous, open to challenge. But they are amusing themselves,
for it is their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly,
since he believes in words. The anti-Semites have the right to
play. They even like to play with discourse for, by giving
ridiculous reasons, they discredit the seriousness of their
interlocutors. They delight in acting in bad faith, since they seek
not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate and disconcert. If you press them
too closely, they will abruptly fall silent, loftily indicating by some phrase that the time
for argument is past.”

Ome

— Jean-Paul Sartre
( Corey Robin
ie in-O

"The Socialists were men who had felt intensely and who knew
something about the hidden springs of human action of which the
economists took no account. Buried among their wild rhapsodies
there were shrewd observations and pregnant suggestions from
which philosophers and economists had much to learn."

—Alfred Marshall, The Present Position of Economics
I, TOO

By LANGSTON HUGHES
1, too, sing America,

Jam the darker brother.

They send me to eat in the kitchen
When company comes,

But I laugh,

And eat well,

And grow strong.

Tomorrow,
I'll be at the table

When company comes.
Nobody'll dare

Kumail Nanjiani @
@kumailn

He's just so stupid.

He's so breathtakingly stupid that
the above statement is all it takes
for every person reading this to
know exactly who I'm talking
about.
Grant Application

resent the imperative to describe

my work to you in terms other

than the work itself. I resent

the requirement of purpose

and even intention. I resent criteria.
resent all comparable metrics

of value. I am fundamentally

opposed to value. I resent the expectation
I participate in a manner of speech

that serves your understanding.

resent the scarcity model,

patronage, and the volume of art

created by people who have never known
unger or precarity. I resent leisure

as a vantage from which we articulate
notions of beauty. I resent relevance.

I resent the distribution of resources

to confer tectonic supremacies

of words and perspective. I resent interest
in terms of both likeability and accrual.

I resent submission and acceptance.

I believe in language.

Oe een WS lw SOO LN Seas ee y Sho kN °
: L pies
@ The writer, daytime insomniac. VY ‘Tae t

¢ Granted, to write is to renounce being in command of oneself or
having any proper name, and at the same time it is not to renounce,
but to announce, welcoming without recognition the absent. Or, it
is to be in relation, through words in their absence, with what one
cannot remember—a witness to the unencountered, answerable not
only for the void in the subject, but for the subject as a void, its dis-
appearance in the imminence of a death which has already taken
place, out of place, any place at all.
News > Opinion > Andrew Bolt

Andrew Bolt: Why do elderly Australian
men keep getting jail for raping young
Doys?

In this day and age it’s asf no one dares disbelieve anyone claiming to be a victim, for fear they may be accused of being.
cruel

Andrew Bolt
3m cen Herald Sun 1 ast comments

If you are silent about your
pain, they'll kill you and
Say yOu enjoyed it.

— Zora Neale Hurston

You don't fight fire with fire. You fight
fire with water. We're gonna fight racism
with solidarity. We're not gonna fight
capitalism with Black capitalism. We're
gonna fight capitalism with socialism.
Socialism is the people. If you're afraid of
socialism, you're afraid of yourself.

— Fred Hampton —

AZ QUOTES

To finish on a more general note, | think that
the field of organization theory is facing a
pandemic: all papers want to claim three
contributions. This is less deadly than covid19,
but it’s still a pandemic we need to get rid of.
The more contributions a paper claims, the
weaker each of these contributions is (if only
for lack of space to elaborate). So, feel free to
focus on what really matters, and what you
can really claim. | will definitely favor one
strong contribution over three weak ones.
“Until the killing of Black
men, Black mothers’ sons,
becomes as important to
the rest of the country as
the killing of a white
mother’s son, we who
believe in freedom cannot
rest until this happens.”

— Ella Baker
by a computer, reduced toanIBM
card and filedaway, _
CLARKE: The goal of the future
is full unemployment, so we can
play. That’s why we have to des-
troy the present politico-econo-
mic system,
And then there’s the problem of my own privilege. I have never walked
for miles to secure drinking water, or medicine, or books. Machines wash
my clothing and my dishes. Natural light is a wonderful thing, but for nearly
a billion people with no access to power, and billions more with only inter-
mittent access, the prospect of unnatural light is no less wonderful.!! No
one has told me that my sexual orientation is unnatural, or my biology is
naturally inferior. Seen differently, praise of naturalness can look like praise
of the privileges that render its downsides invisible.
EXECUTIVE

CALE

THE WHITE HOUSE

WASHINGTON

January 29, 1976

MEMORANDUM FOR: JIM CANNON
FROM: GEORGE W. HUMPHREYS

SUBJECT: Computer Use

The use of the computer as an aid to you and the
staff seems to me to be clearly beneficial. I have
"never understood any reason for complaint against the

concept.

The basis of the complaints, valid:-or invalid, was
with the implementation of the concept. Simply, Warren
never understood your needs nor the capabilities of the
machine. Many people think of "computers" as a dark,
mysterious force that somehow pulsates ominously in
an unknown recess, ready to bite if not properly respected.

As a mechanical method of stowing information for quick
retrieval, the computer can be extremely useful to you.
All that is required is to tell the operator what you
want it to do.

I strongly urge the retention of the concept and the
machine.

I would further suggest you may want to assign an
associate or assistant who is not assigned to a critical
area to take responsibility for working out additional
programs that could be useful to you and the staff. This
would not be a high priority item, but could be helpful
to us all.

ws ORD

5

F

GWH/pt 1-29-76
—_ cc:WH files

peerKetiy Meeherr;pe—

«i
et
ba)
Pee ae og

. RECEIVED
JAN3 0 1976
CENTRAL FILES
ite
a
3.

Ate

‘2a

13.
14.

15.
16.

CHEAP BUT GOOD ADVICE
FOR PLAYING MUSIC IN A GROUP

Chick Corea
Sead

Play only what you hear.

Tf you don't hear anything, don't play anything.

Don't let your fingers and limbs just wander--place them
intentionally.

Don't improvise on endlessly--play something with intention,

develop it or not, but then end off, take a break.
Leave space

create space--intentionally create places where
you don't play.

Make your sound blend. Listen to your sound and adjust it to
the rest of the band and the room.

If you play more than one instrument at a time--like a drum
kit or multiple keyboards-make sure that they are balanced
with one another.

Don't make any of your music mechanically or just through
patterns of habit. Create each sound, phrase, and piece with
choice--deliberately.

Guide your choice of what to play by what you-like-not by
what someone else will think.

Use contrast and balance the elements: high/low, fast/slow,
loud/soft, tense/relaxed, dense/sparse.

Play to make the other musicians sound good. Play things
that will make the overall music sound good.

Play with a relaxed body. Always release whatever tension
you create.

Create space--begin, develop, and end phrases with intention.
Never beat or pound your instrument--play it easily and grace-
fully.

Create space-- then place something in it.

Use mimicry sparsely--mostly create phrases that contrast with
and develop the phrases of the other players.
1. The data may not contain the answer. The combination
of some data and an aching desire for an answer does not
censure that a reasonable answer can be extracted from a
given body of data.

‘In a racist society, it is not enough to be non-racist,
we must be antiracist.’
— Angela Davis

inger Nature Limited. 2040-5960 postmedieval: a journal of medieval cultural studies Vol. 11,
www.palgrave.com/journals
about working 14-hr days and still
being stressed and having anxiety.

Your representative owes you,
not his industry only, but his
judgment; and he betrays,
instead of serving you, if he
Sacrifices it to your opinion

- Edmund Burke
Speech to the Electors of Bristol , 1774

"It pleases me that we may explore kindness
with one another," Besarion said. "But do not
mistake my kindness for a gentle nature."
When you measure
include the measurer.

—MC Hammer
“INCLUSION IS NOT
BRINGING PEOPLE INTO
WHAT ALREADY EXISTS; IT
IS MAKING A NEW SPACE,
A BETTER SPACE FOR
EVERYONE.”

— George Dei
Contrary to what we may
have been taught to think,
unnecessary and unchosen
suffering wounds us but
need not scar us for life. It
does mark us. What we
allow the mark of our
suffering to become is in
our own hands.

- bell hooks

with writer & culture critic,
Josie Pickens + Special Guests

!
Changing GveTinin
may sound daunting,
but it means there are

Many (\2c2s To stort
IT 1S A PROCESS TYPICAL TO WHAT WE ALREADY
KNOW: A BIOCENTRIC SYSTEM IS MATHEMATICALLY
CONFIRMED; IT UNFOLDS AND IS, IN THEORY,
SEEMINGLY ABSENT OF RACISM BECAUSE THE
METHODOLOGY CANNOT COMPREHEND BLACK
WELL-BEING IN THE FIRST PLACE; THE SYSTEM AND
METHODOLOGIES CANNOT BEAR BLACK
LIVINGNESS, AND THE MATH AND CODING BEHIND
THE ALGORITHM PROVIDE AN ALIBI FOR RACISM
BECAUSE BLACK LIFE IS NOT RELEVANT TO THE
“THINGS PEOPLE CARE ABOUT.”

Katherine McKittrick
Dear Science and Other Stories (Errantries)

#kindlequotes
|.”

“All models are wrong, but some are usefu
- George Box

@meetmaatschboek
“I tell my students, ‘When you get these jobs that you have been
so brilliantly trained for, just remember that your real job is that
ifyou are free, you need to free somebody else. If you have some
power, then your job is to empower somebody else.

This is not just a grab-bag candy game.”

—Toni Morrison
YOU GET WHAT YOU MEASURE
— RICHAED HAMMING

WEVE CHECKED ALL OU =
NETS ANDO CONCLUDED

THERE ARE NO FISH

SMALLER. THAN THIS

THE INSTRUMENT YOU USE AFFECTS WHAT YOU SEE

Sketch planati ons
“KIDS UNDERSTAND THAT REAL CRABS DON’T SING
LIKE THE ONES IN THE LITTLE MERMAID. BUT YOU GIVE
AN ADULT FICTION, AND THE ADULT STARTS
ASKING REALLY FUCKING DUMB QUESTIONS LIKE
‘HOW DOES SUPERMAN FLY? HOW DO THOSE
EYEBEAMS WORK? WHO PUMPS THE
BATMOBILE’S TIRES?’ IT’S A FUCKING MADE-UP
STORY, YOU IDIOT! NOBODY PUMPS THE TIRES!”

GRANT MORRISON
We must learn and then teach our
children that niceness does not
equal goodness. Niceness is a
decision, a strategy of social
interaction; itis nota
character trait. People seeking
to control others almost always
present the image of a nice
person in the beginning.

Gavin de Becker
MIT Tech Review @
ieceacioa
Review @techreview

Ready for a world in which a $50 DNA
test can predict your odds of earning a
PhD or forecast which toddler gets into
a selective preschool?

Luther M. Siler
@nfinitefreetime

You can do this already with a ZIP code.
If one actually reads the once-famous Peelite principles of policing, you
will see this as the second principle:

‘To recognise always that the power of the police to fulfil their functions
and duties is dependent on public approval of their existence, actions and
behaviour and on their ability to secure and maintain public respect.’
GlosPolFedChair
et > @FedGlos
Replying to @John1972LUFC @Glos_Police and @ASPolice

icing by consent is a general
principle n . Peacetu stis a
qualified not absolute right, has limits
when it infringes on rights of others.
the law includes the current prohibition
on public gatherings. And technically

Wele.crown.servants not public,

servants
eS

12:49 AM - Mar 27, 2021 - Twitter for iPhone
Tt

Highly visible abuse of public figures and
celebrities acts as a warning — a proverbial
head on a pike — to others...Just because
someone isn’t tagged doesn’t mean that the
message isn’t heard loud and clear. 99

Imran Ahmed, founder of the Center for Countering Digital Hate

ALFRED LANDECKER Source: The Guardian
FOUNDATION

Arbeit hat bittre Wurzeln, aber fife Frirchte.
Work has bitter roots, but sweet fruits,
we“

During the Vietnam War, every
respectable artist in this country was
against the war. It was like a laser
beam. We were all aimed in the same
direction. The power of this weapon
turns out to be that of a custard pie
dropped from a stepladder six feet
high.

Kurt Vonnegut
If you are ever worried that you broke the repo,
PLEASE ANNOUNCE THAT HERE. You aren't
necessarily responsible for fixing any disasters you
cause, but you are responsible for letting us know as
a team so we can all repair broken things

C this is true of real world code teams as well, the
worst teammate you can have is one who doesn't
want anyone to see their mistake and tries to silently
fix their error with duct tape as the boat sinks)
When |! write RPGs, I don’t
just design them for gamers,
I design them for farmers.

Specifically, | design them for my younger brother—a Westem PA cattle farmer who's never

played an RPG | haven't handed him. He doesn’t have time for (or interest in) complex
players’ handbooks and he doesn’t own any “weird dice,” but he’s always one of the best
players at my table because he’s a natural storyteller. It’s just a matter of getting the story

started, adding some twists, and watching him be surprised by his own creativity.

Possible Worlds is the culmination of that design ethos. Pulling from years of design &
publishing experience, I’ve written these games with first-time, long-time, and diverse
players in mind. Each game in this collection is simple enough to be played with zero

preparation but robust enough to run hundreds of times and never get the same story

twice—all small enough to fit in your back pocket.
“Hr ATTACKED
EVERYTHING IN
LIFE WITH 4 MIX

OF EXTRAORDINARY
GENIUS AND NAIVE
INCOMPETENCE,
AND IT WAS OFTEN
DIFFICULT TO TELL

WHICH WAS WHICH. ,,

Douglas Adams
Pinboard
@Pinboard

The Programmers’ Credo: we do these things not

were going to be easy

because they are easy, but because we thought they
115 PM - Aug 5, 2016

It's ok to
forgive people,
and still deny

them access to you.

—r-h. Sin

‘You can always tell when a person has worked in a restaurant.
There's an empathy that can only be cultivated by those who've
stood between a hungry mouth and a $28 pork chop, a special
understanding of the way a bunch of motley misfits can be a family.
Service industry work develops the "soft skills" recruiters talk
about on Linkedin — discipline, promptness, the ability to absor’s
criticism, and most important, how to read people like a book. The
work is thankless and fun and messy, and the world would be a
kinder place if more people tried it. With all due respect to my
former professors, I've long believed I gained more knowledge in
kitchens, bars, and dining rooms than any college could even hold."

"I've ignored
porn tweeted
at children"

‘@\ J.K. Rowling
ulent.” It was Eases ee
al classes produced a second group, vi
>W id

Arendt called “the mob.-dhe:mop-was made up of the ref
1 The mph a5 © use of
aristocrats disillusioned intellectuals, ¢ =
» Sangster

~ eins the undezvos. They were BeOPie 90 >?

respectable world was a conspiracy to deny them wha one, .

embodiments of the politics of en ——
ought

developed.”

The break

down of soci
“A fire broke out backstage in a
theatre. The clown came out to
warn the public; they thought it
was a joke and applauded. He
repeated it; the acclaim was even
greater. I think that's just how the
world will come to an end: to
general applause from wits who
believe it's a joke.”

— Soren Kierkegaard
Instead of praising
people for being
‘resilient’, change
the systems that
are making them
vulnerable.

Muna Abdi
Introduction to Data Ethics of Power

‘Imagine a piece of music which expresses love. It is not love for any particular
person. Another piece of music will express another love. Here we have two distinct
emotional atmospheres, two different fragrances, and in both cases the quality of love
will depend upon its essence and not upon its object. Nevertheless, it is hard to con-
ceive a love which is, so to speak, at work, and yet applies to nothing.’

Henri Bergson, 1932
en from them.

; TO THE EDITOR:
e author’s example of i
nce Thomas’s equat- “She left no immediate survivors.”

ier of Emmett Till and I understand that sentence in
even more availability Joan Didion’s obituary. And I hate
hese are examples of that sentence in J oan Didion’s

ics being used toharm Obituary.

these individuals I want one of Ms. Didion’ Sown
present. ee sentences to beat up that sen-

- tence: “We tell ourselves stories in
einen _ order to live” That gorgeous line,

: tyls, pops into

IR ej us) ES e every
1oticed the apparent =._— h
.0.P. making itnigh ~*~
drop off mail-in bal-
e, while Justice Am
t suggests th 1 oh
not to be mothe
Forgiveness does not mean,
‘condoning what has been done.
Forgiving means abandoning your
right to pay back the perpetrator
inhis own coin,

Desmond Tuy
After being so social... I don’t feel like myself
at all. I’m exhausted all over but particularly
the face, which I suppose comes from

wearing a horrible fixed grin for so long.

Elizabeth Bishop to Carley Dawson, 10 Nov
1948 | One Art: Letters
Being under my own roof, and my
personality not invaded by others makes a lot
of difference in my outlook on life and
everything. Oh, to be once more alone ina

house!

Zora Neale Hurston to Jean Waterbury, 6 Mar
1951 | A Life in Letters
Tomorrow I shall go back to London, and
there already awaits me a string of inevitable
experiences—what is called “seeing people.”
You don’t know what that means—it means

one can’t get out of it.

Virginia Woolf to Gerald Brenan, 4 Oct 1929 |
The Complete Collection
I go scarcely anywhere. Everything seems

tiresome.

Fyodor Dostoevsky to Maria Issayev, 4 Jun 1855
| The Complete Works
INTRODUCTION

WALTER PLECKER WAS AN ASSHOLE.

In the 1920s, he was registrar of Virginia’s Bureau of Vital Sta-
tistics, the state government office that controlled birth, death,
marriage, and divorce records (http://bkaprt.com/eia/oo-01/). As
a frothing-at-the-mouth white supremacist, Plecker was terri-
fied of interracial marriage. Its very existence, he insisted, was
the result of poor categorization: white people were marrying
non-white people only because the government hadn’t labeled
them “correctly.”

Plecker decided that he could use bureaucracy to change this,
and he was right: all he had to do was relabel Virginia’s racial
categories, and racist laws took care of the rest. He reduced the
number of racial identity categories to just two, then altered and
enforced documentation to reflect his definitions.

This meant that a very small and specific group of people
were labeled white, and everyone who fell outside of Plecker’s
narrow view were not—and their lives changed accordingly.
The government saw them differently, identified them dif-
ferently, treated them differently. They no longer had access
to the same public spaces, the same schools, the same ser-
vices and safety nets afforded to white people. Marriages were
invalidated. Children were separated from parents. Virginians
lost agency over who they were—all because Walter Plecker
changed a label.

Changing a label is a design decision—one calculated, in this
case, to disenfranchise specific human beings.

Now, most of us don’t have Walter Plecker’s job. We are,
instead, designers, developers, copywriters, strategists. We
work on the web, and we may not think our work carries that
same weight.

I’m here to argue that it does. Whatever our role, we are
designers of information. Our choices alter the presentation
and flow of human knowledge. We control how people find,
understand, and use information in every facet of their lives.

We must be very, very careful.

INTRODUCTION 1
22:11 all & CL)

Done @ st.githubusercontent.com aA @,

let players wonder about things and trust them
to find answers.

connect players with patterns they find
intrinsically fulfilling.

never treat a number going up as an inherently
positive or meaningful event.

teach respect for the autonomy and boundaries
of all things.

posit alternatives to fantasies of accumulation
and extraction.

do not think of emotional responses as
something you extract from players.

produce and distribute ethically.

aspire to more than escape.

And if short-sighted critics think that I only wanted to describe the things that I like,
what Oblonsky has for dinner or what Karenina’s shoulders are like, they are mistaken.
In everything, or nearly everything I have written, I have been guided by the need to
gather together ideas which for the purpose of self-expression were interconnected; but
every idea expressed separately in words loses its meaning and is terribly impoverished
when taken by itself out of the connection in which it occurs. The connection itself is
made up, I think, not by the idea, but by something else, and it is impossible to express
the basis of this connection directly in words. It can only be expressed indirectly—by
words describing characters, actions and situations.

Leo Tolstoy, in an 1876 letter to Nikolai Strakhov
AUDRE LORDE
CBICROBICRICBIIC

“IT IS STRANGE, THEN, THAT
THE FRIENDS OF TRUTH AND
THE PROMOTERS OF
FREEDOM HAVE NOT RISEN
UP AGAINST THE PRESENT
PROPAGANDA IN THE
SCHOOLS AND CRUSHED IT.”

Lhe (Glen J yoo jue

#BLACKHISTORYMONTH

SIMO OIOROIRC!

b
“theory's cool,
but theory with no practice ain't shit.”

— Fred Hampton; [April 27, 1969]

=
"Keep the comp;
of those who si Bs
the truth, and run away .
from those wi
have i

e Shivers on Its Way to the Neck

A City Like a Guillotin

Alfonso stumbles from the corpse of the soldier. The townspeople are cheering
elated, pounding him on the back. Those who climbed the trees to watch applaud
from the branches. Momma Galya shouts about pigs, pigs clean as men.
At the trial of God, we will ask: why did you allow all this?

And the answer will be an echo: why did you allow all this?
two bakeries, a shoe store; the smell of hay,
smell of horses and hay. When Moses
broke the sacred tablets on Sinai, the rich

picked the pieces carved with:
adultery and ‘kill and ‘theft’,
the poor got only ‘No’ ‘No’ ‘No.
“The call to prison abolition is a call to think more broadly
than a single institution or practice, but to recognize that
the prison is a target for abolition (like chattel slavery
before it) because it sits at the intersection between an
entire series of institutions and practices that are
predicated on the massive elimination of populations, of
the marginalization of persons, and of the exposure to
premature death of the many for the sake of the few.”

—Andrew Dilts
!, 2,
How are you tonight? Haviridkas g60d time? Wrong fuckin: I
Ready to party? Have Fun? el) ot Ea
~

f

1

‘ ~~

(synthesizer playing)

ave a bad time.
All we have

h
thers won't because off __
are dying with us.” «

ivian Washington Filer

Eve Edelheit for The New York Times
4 ‘y Luke Savage @
: y » @LukewSavage

Adolph Reed Jr. once remarked that
liberals don't really believe in politics
anymore, just in "bearing witness to

suffering." | think about that a lot.

11:40 AM - 6/8/20 - Twitter Web App
If a white man wants to lynch me,
that’s his problem. If he’s got the
power to lynch me, that’s my
problem. Racism is not a question of
attitude; it’s a question of power.

— Stokely Carmichael —

AZ QUOTES

THE NEGRO'S GREAT STUMBLING BLOCK IN
THE STRIDE TOWARD FREEDOM IS NOT THE
WHITE CITIZENS COUNCILLOR OR THE KU
KLUX KLANNER BUT THE WHITE
MODERATE WHO IS MORE DEVOTED TO
ORDER THAN TO JUSTICE; WHO PREFERS A
NEGATIVE PEACE WHICH IS THE ABSENCE
OF TENSION TO A POSITIVE PEACE WHICH
IS THE PRESENCE OF JUSTICE.

- MARTIN LUTHER KING, UR. -

LIBQUOTES.COM
The most disrespected person in
America is the black woman. The
most unprotected person in America
is the black woman. The most
neglected person in America is the
black woman.

— Maleelm X —

AZ QUOTES

I'll tell you what's at the bottom of it. If
you can convince the lowest white man
he's better than the best colored man,
he won't notice you're picking his
pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look
down on, and he'll empty his pockets for
you.

— Lynden B. Jehnsen —

AZ QUOTES
FICTION

I THINK of the innocent lives

Of people in novels who know they'll die

But not that the novel will end. How different they are
From us. Here, the moon stares dumbly down,
Through scattered clouds, onto the sleeping town,
And the wind rounds up the fallen leaves,

And somebody—namely me—deep in his chair,

Riffles the pages left, knowing there’s not

Much time for the man and woman in the rented room,
For the red light over the door, for the iris

Tossing its shadow against the wall; not much time
For the soldiers under the trees that line

The river, for the wounded being hauled away

To the cities of the interior where they will stay;

The war that raged for years will come to a close,

And so will everything else, except for a presence
Hard to define, a trace, like the scent of grass

After a night of rain or the remains of a voice

That lets us know without spelling it out

Not to despair; if the end is come, it too will pass.

—Mark Strand
If a white man wants to lynch me,
that’s his problem. If he’s got the
power to lynch me, that’s my
problem. Racism is not a question of
attitude; it’s a question of power.

— Stokely Carmichael —

AZ QUOTES

“Everyone is asking me if | was kissing Timothée
Chalamet at Coachella, and that is a good
question,” her statement continues. “But a great
question would be asking our world leaders why
the Earth is now losing 1.2 trillion tons of ice each
year due to global warming and why climate crisis
reform has been completely ineffective.”
For all the frustrations involved in working with formerly classified
sources, the historian has a major advantage over the people who were
living through this history as it unfolded, even those with clearances:
time. The secrecy regime in the US was largely set up to erode over
time, and even in areas where the erosion was not intended, it occurred.
This applies across agencies (though not always equally) and subject
matter (though nuclear weapon secrets do not erode automatically, un-
like some areas of government activity). The consequence is that I have
sometimes had access to a much wider variety of formerly classified in-

formation than anyone living in, say, the 1950s, might have had, even
those with the top security clearances (because their access was typi-
cally compartmentalized).

Thanks to declassification actions and the judicious use of the Free-
dom of Information Act, we can reconstruct the (partial) archives of
multiple agencies and governmental bodies at once, where a historical
actor would have likely been limited to one or perhaps two of these files.
If something is declassified, I no longer require any “need to know” to
know it. I also have access to private journals, correspondence, and
sometimes the recorded recollections of my historical sources. So the
In the Apollo years, NASA sent military test
pilots into space, not poets or preachers;
they came back in possession of
extraordinary knowledge that, by dint of
personality or professional inclination, they
seemed helpless to communicate. As the
Gemini and Apollo astronaut Michael
Collins once put it, “It was not within our
ken to share emotions or to utter
extraneous information.” Asked what it was
like to go to the moon, Apollo 12’s Pete
Conrad replied: “Super! Really enjoyed it!”
“There are colonial ways
to be in the world,
whether intentionally

or otherwise,
and there are
less colonial —
and anticolonial
ways to be in |
the world.

This includes
science.”

Dr. Max Liboiron, Pollution is Colonialsim

i 1
Register for Open Edu now! Oper,

Friday, May 6th @ 12PM EST Edu J
Casey White stands 6 feet 9 inches and weighs approximately 330 pounds. He has brown hair and hazel
eyes. He should be considered armed and dangerous.

Vicky White is 5 feet 5 inches and weighs approximately 145 pounds. She has blond hair and brown eyes
and reportedly has a waddling gait.
In 2010, Steven Levitsky and Lucan A. Way described the emergence of a new kind
of government in their book, Competitive Authoritarianism: Hybrid Regimes After the
Cold War. What they observed was neither democratic nor fully authoritarian (or
totalitarian), but somewhere in the middle. They named this new phenomenon
competitive authoritarianism. These types of governments are known by many
names—managed democracy, electoral authoritarianism, illiberal democracy,

hybrid regimes—but they all describe the same phenomena.

In competitive authoritarianism there are still elections, but the playing field is so
heavily tilted that the opposition has almost no chance of winning. There’s still a
legal system, but court rulings almost invariably favor the ruling party. There is still
law, but it is applied unequally to the ruling party and the opposition. There are still
protests, but they yield no real political change or results, other than occasional

beatings by police and paramilitary groups aligned with the ruling party...
“Every miserable fool who has nothing at all of which he can be proud,
adopts as a last resource pride in the nation to which he belongs; he is

ready and happy to defend all its faults and follies tooth and nail, thus

reimbursing himself for his own inferiority.”

— Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms:
He never argued with people who said anything
emotional or politically convinced. He did not
believe that public argument changed such
people’s views, and he thought preaching back at
them simply brought boredom and bad blood.
But he asked probing questions of anybody who
said anything interesting, and “interest” was a
word to which he gave a wide range. Johnny
preferred people who laughed at the world rather
than whined at it. He shied away from those who
had adopted any ideology that blinded them to
either mathematical fact or real events.

Norman Macrae
John von Neumann: The Scientific Genius Who Pioneered the
Modern Computer, Game Theory, Nuclear Deterrence, and
Much More

#kindlequotes
The modes of categorisation and bureaucracy which allowed colonial powers
to efficiently extract resources from the colonised gave rise to the technology
which powers video games. We design games in the afterlife of empire, with
tools that have been used to subjugate and annihilate. The pleasures of
naming, categorisation and collecting are deeply embedded into the
normative design frameworks of the video game. Management sims and
Tycoon-style games are about the effective bureaucratic deployment of
resources. Even when games turn away from designs of violent domination
they often replicate other imperialist pleasures: the museum, the explorer, the
merchant, the scientist, the bureaucrat. Assassins Creed: Origins
demonstrates this beautifully: the enemies can be turned off, and the
gorgeously designed and imagined spaces turned into a virtual museum,
complete with tours. We can switch between the battleground and the
museum with an airy gesture, revealing them both as connected imperial
modes of play. Underneath the cobblestones, not the beach — but the
playground.
makes our research what it is. This is, for me, especially important because
our ideas, on the page or in the presentation, might suggest otherwise;
sometimes our ideas imply that we arrived there, in that page or presenta-
tion, on our own, as the sole owners of our own ideas. A property interest.°
Risking the sovereignty of our own stories.’ What if the practice of refer-
encing, sourcing, and crediting is always bursting with intellectual life
and takes us outside ourselves? What if we read outside ourselves not for
ourselves but to actively unknow ourselves, to unhinge, and thus come
to know each other, intellectually, inside and outside the academy, as col-
laborators of collective and generous and capacious stories?* Unknowing
ourselves. The unhinging opens up a different conversation about why we
do what we do, here, in this place, that despises us—not focusing on repa-
ration of the self, alone, but instead sharing information and stories and
resources to build the capacity for social change.’ Alternative outcomes."
The unhinging, unknowing ourselves, opens up learning processes that
are uninterested in a self that is economized by citations. And still, dis-
placing the self, unknowing who we are, is awful: it is indeterminate and
unpredictable and lonely. Togetherness can be difficult and lonely, too.""
12 GUEST A

formal fallacy in how we interpret our results is destructive
to the whole enterprise. Just because a model correlates with
brain and behaviour data, it is not sufficient for us to infer that
the model is performing cognition: correlation does not im-
ply cognition. We, (meta)scientists who contribute to CCN,
must rethink how we reason about our work — by looking
inwards, to understand how to move the sub-field into a co-
herent state, and outwards, to learn how to perform metasci-
entific reasoning from other established fields, like the super-
field of cognitive science or the adjacent sub-field of mathe-
matical psychology.

If we do not examine the overarching principles that gov-
ern our science, we are ignoring the missing pieces to the
puzzle (or indeed pizza; see figure 1, Guest & Martin, 2021)
of why the field itself might not progress in our intended
ways. The goals of CCN involve looking at the lower-level
mechanisms that give rise to neuroscientific findings and
intelligent agents’ behaviours (cf. Kietzmann et al., 2019;
Shiffrin, Bassett, Kriegeskorte, & Tenenbaum, 2020). If we
a i,
BD oe

We can't keep regulating Al as if it..works.

Most policy interventions start with the assumption
that the technology lives up to its claims of
performance but policymakers & critical scholars need
to stop falling for the corporate hype and should
scrutinize these claims more.

4:12 AM - Jun 28, 2021 - Twitter Web App

The Bureucratization of Harm or
How States Deal with
Reproductive Abuse

Dr Julieta Chaparro-Buitrago
University of Cambridge
Reproductive Sociology Research Group

pldeiils OU CHIptidstis OH CUS OF DEULISUCS WICHISCIVes,

Cues are consequences of questions, problems, and theories,
which drive cue salience and awareness. To illustrate this idea,
Karl Popper once conducted a playful thought experiment dur-
ing a public lecture. He asked his audience to simply “observe”
their surroundings:

My experiment consists of asking you to observe, here and
now. I hope you are all cooperating and observing!
However, I feel that at least some of you, instead of observ-
ing, will feel a strong urge to ask: “WHAT do you want me
to observe?” For what I am trying to illustrate is that, in order
to observe, we must have in mind a definite question, which
we might be able to decide by observation. (Popper, 1967, p.
259, emphasis in the original)

Notice how Ponner’s lectire hall 1¢ much like Fiuinder’e
228 E 48 NYC 10017 212-688-2682 November 5, 2006

Dear Xavier High School, and Ms. Lockwood, and Messrs Perin, McFeely,
Batten, Maurer and Conglusta:

| thank you for your friendly letters. You sure know how to cheer up a
really old geezer (84) In his sunset years. | don’t make public appearances any
more because | now resemble nothing so much as an iguana.

What | had to say to you, moreover, would not take long, to wit: Practice
any art, music, singing, dancing, acting, drawing, painting, sculpting, poetry,
fiction, essays, reportage, no matter how well or badly, not to get money and
fame, but to experience becoming, to find out what's Inside you, to make your.
soul grow.

Seriously! {mean starting right now, do art and do it for the rest of your
lives. Draw a funny or nice picture of Ms. Lockwood, and give It to her. Dance
home after school, and sing In the shower and on and on. Make a face in your
mashed potatoes. Pretend you're Count Dracula.

Here’s an assignment for tonight, and | hope Ms. Lockwood will flunk you
if you don't do It: Write a six line poem, about anything, but rhymed. No fair
tennis without a net. Make It as good as you possibly can. But don’t tell
anybody what you're doing. Don’t show It or recite It to anybody, not even
your girlfriend or parents or whatever, or Ms. Lockwood. OK?

Tear it up Into teeny-weeny pieces, and discard them Into widely
separated trash recepticals. You will find that you have already been gloriously
rewarded for your poem. You have experienced becoming, learned a lot more

about what's Inside you, and you have made your soul grow.

God bless you alll

Kurt Vonnegut
ar boxes abel them \
NING, PLANNING, LA

curvy arrows bei

ts in eacn

performance,
# On text as interface

The manos in manipulation is underappreciated... The manipulation that one
has when drawing with a pen: thoughtless yet precise. It's a pity that the
word has a negative connotation. It emphasizes shaping the world in an
embodied manner. I think this is close to a friend's provocation—

He says that the true joy of programming comes when you can do it without a
reference, offline. Perhaps programming on a flight is prototypical. For him

it was the Trans-Siberian Railway. I think it may be the reason he's built so
many little tools for himself, which compose into wholes. Its programming as

direct expression of the mind, channeled through the body

The new text-to-image models have text as their interface. One makes a request,
sees the response, and then tweaks to continue. It's a game of hermeneutics,
trying to align ones desires with the language of the machine. The latent
space is composed out of “that-which-has-been” i.e. images that already exist.

If one emphasizes content, then the users manipulation returns to a negative
connotation. One must coerce the black-box in the direction one desires. Often
the mirrored effect dominates: the black-box coerces ones desires to fit into its
latent image. One cannot operate “offline,” as the system is never under ones
control. The modernist artist dies, once again, replaced by the curator.

Instead, “prompt engineers" are structuralist anthropologists, teasing apart
the linguistic system embedded in the latent space. The critical dimension
provided is outside the generated (kitsch) content. Like a photographer who
frames reality, the prompteur can frame artifacts from the latent-space of the
dataset. Though here it is second-order: a framing of a framing of reality

The most compelling demos involve collaging (stable-diffusion Photoshop). One
generates isolated items, and then composes them with an interactive tool. It's
returns to manos, but with new raw material and verbs: inpaint, re-light, &c.
For this, the interface remains a GUI, not text.
About

"An obstacle downstream propagates upstream. If you're not
allowed to implement new ideas, you stop having them. And
vice versa: when you can do whatever you want, you have
more ideas about what to do. So [keeping a blog] makes your
brain more powerful in the same way a low-restriction ex-
haust system makes an engine more powerful." — Paul
Graham (who was, of course, writing about startups rather

than blogging)

{
Computer science faces an ethics crisis. The

Cambridge Analytica scandal proves It.

“Software engineers continue to treat
safety and ethics as specialties rather
than as the foundation of all design.”

“You can also commit
injustice by doing nothing.”

MARCUS AURELIUS
Socialism is a scare word
they have hurled a every
advance the people have
Made in the last twenty
years. .. <ppeialism i is their

. if Mane foralmost anything

‘a » that helps all the people. ey

Hanygal Srusrean BS
ee OO
,' A nature more negotiable

 There’s nothing about even the most certain of the prin-
ciples we use in science to produce its marvellous successes
that implies that they represent ‘laws of nature’ that rule
with an iron hand. Often we engineer just the right circum-
stances — I shall call these ‘small worlds’ - and have the good
luck that nothing dramatically intervenes to upset them so
that what happens within them is fixed and predictable.
Sometimes these kinds of circumstances occur naturally.
Then what happens is fixed and predictable. But that's not
what life in general is like. And we don’t need to assume that
God has engineered the whole world to be a strange gigantic
clock in order to make sense of the pockets of exact and
approximate order we do see nor to understand why it is
sometimes possible to find or construct them.

aby the Sree ie ee a ae aa age ne Ou MANU

97

i) Susan Gilbert (Dickinson) early December es

Dear Friend.

[regret to inform you that at 3. oclock yesterday, my mind came
Fre this intelligence reaches you, I shall probably be a snail. By
s untoward providence a mental and moral being has been swept

nthlessly from her sphere. Yet we should not repine—“God moves
in a mysterious way, his wonders to perform, he plants his foot upon

[ 93 ]

Beneath the surface of tHE PROTECTIVE
parts of TRAUMA SURVIVORS THERE EXISTS
AN uNdamaced essence, a Self that is
confident, curious, and calm, a Self
that Has been sheltered from
destruction by THE VARIOUS PROTECTORS
That Have emerged in their efforts to
ensure survival. Once THOSE PROTECTORS
trust that it is safe To separate, THE
Self will spontaneously EmeRGE, ANd
THe parts CAN be enlisted in the Healing
PROCESS

-Bessel A. van der Kolk

eam, | he way a government

treats refugees is very
“instructive because
,, it shows you how

“ they would treat
, 4 the rest of us if they
ail 4 y thought they could

{| get away with it.”

Tony Benn

4 4,156
Let me explain why |
like to pay taxes for
schools even though
| don't personally
have a kid in school:

Each one of us
knows for his
Own part that the
world as it is,
is unacceptable

Maurice Merleau-Ponty
“Love isn'ta state of perfect car ng
active noun ike Wrugate. To cy is
to strive to accépt.that person exactly the
way he or she is, right here and now.”

= :
-Fred Rogers :
Born on this day,1928 =
IAM JOHN BROWN

ed as I have done...
ied poor, was not
it be deemed
forfeit my life
> ends of justice,
x with the blood
blood of millions
®

. rights are

. © "T believe to have interfe
a on behalf of His despis
wrong, but right. No

necessary that I sho

and mingle my blood
of my children, and wi
in this slave coun
disregarded by wicke
enactments, I submi

hung as a traitor. }
the right, he ng

“Were I to be again reduced to the chains of
slavery, next to that enslavement, I should regard
being a slave of a religious master the greatest
calamity that could befall me. For all
slaveholders with whom I have ever met,
religious slaveholders are the worst. I have ever
found them the meanest and basest, the most
cruel and cowardly, of all others.”

“T love the pure, peaceable, and impartial
Christianity of Christ: I therefore hate the
corrupt, slaveholding, women-whipping, cradle-
plundering, partial and hypocritical Christianity
of this land. Indeed, I can see no reason, but
the most deceitful one, for calling the religion of
this land Christianity. I look upon it as the
climax of all misnomers, the boldest of all
frauds, and the grossest of all libel.”

~Narrative of the Life of Frederick Donglass
INE
coh GouRSELF
AMLOV2Q

“SCO GONNA

‘N

#
“If by a Liberal they mean
someone who looks aheg
and not behind ... © @™
who cares about
the welfare of
the people-their

health...schools
...jobs...their >
civil rights

and their liberties... #.

Then I’m proud to say
that I’m a Liberal”

#DamnRightImLiberal @thebpdshow
- Aperson
is a person

no matter
how small.

- Dr. Seuss

This is Ishtar.
Bishan”
Pronounced “Caster”.
13 ngtiileecceitele viitiy
pstumvas oretaally the celshrition cauamaamm

the Assyrian and, Babylonian goddess of
warfare Mors
fortitity and sex. Her symbols (like the cgg and
Star: pygbably Tes
the bunny) were ana Siu arc fertility and sex

symbols Pp a |
4 | ae

After Constantine decided to Christianize the. |
lsitiefremaiies) yageleiac

Enipire,
fot
Easter. Butatits roots, Easter (which ie.
Saugou

you pronounce Ishtar) is
Ble Sue ica aan

www.digitalhammurabi.com
“Queen of the Night! plaque image courtesy of the British Museum
The prudent, penniless beginner in the world, labors for wages awhile, saves
a surplus with which to buy tools or land, for himself; then labors on his own
account another while, and at length hires another new beginner to help him.
This, say its advocates, is free labor -- the just and generous, and
prosperous system, which opens the way for all -- gives hope to all, and
energy, and progress, and improvement of condition to all. If any continue
through life in the condition of the hired laborer, it is not the fault of the
system, but because of either a dependent nature which prefers it, or
improvidence, folly, or singular misfortune. |

An Address by Abraham Lincoln Before the Wisconsin State Agricultural
Society Milwaukee, Wisconsin, September 30, 1859
Beloved Internet Personal... @ v
~ @Glinner

eepiving to @sharrond62

If your civil rights movement
opposes data and peer
reviewed science, it’s not a civil
rights movement, it’s a cult.

19:23 - 18/05/2019 - Twitter for iPhone

105 Retweets 502 Likes
Every Muslim is
allowed to have sex
with his female
slave.If he does not
shave female slave and
wife is not at home
then he)must release
his lust with sheep or
goat- ew Naik

ee ee a ee a ee a ee a a en a ee ee
to break.'° Around 1650, Johann Gerdes accidentally discovered a method of surface preparation
that permitted easy drawing of steel wire. It was a process called “sull-coating” whereby iron was
steeped in urine until a soft coating developed. This procedure remained in practice for the next 150
years; later, diluted, sour beer was found to work as effectively. By about 1850 it was discovered
that water worl ked just as well. 16: Although the process « of rolling \ was 18 applied to: soft metals as early
7 You ask about,
the effect\my work haszonyothers.

_ lf, may speak fironically,

ee a masculine question.
‘NOAI want to
ee

These women have had 30 years to come
forward, and the one and only reason they're
speaking out now is because they suddenly
have less fear that their lives will be utterly
destroyed.

Roy Moore ¢ Alabama Senate Candidate
“With the myth of the State out of the way, the real mutuality and
reciprocity of society and individual became clear. Sacrifice might be
demanded of the individual, but never compromise: for though only
the society could give security and stability, only the individual, the
person, had the power of moral choice — the power of change, the
essential function of life. The Odonian society was conceived as a
permanent revolution, and revolution begins in the thinking mind.”

— Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed (1974)
"The NHS held a boat race against a Japanese
crew and after Japan won by a mile, a
working party found the winners
had 18 people rowing and one (
steering while the NHS had eighteen
steering and one rowing. So the NHS
spent £5 million on consultants,
forming a restructured crew of four
assistant steering managers; three
deputy managers and a director of steering
services. The rower was given an incentive to
row harder. They held another race and lost
by two miles. So the NHS fired the rower for
poor performance, sold the boat and used
the proceeds to pay a bonus to the director
of steering services.”

Tony Benn

LEFT WANG Uk
“If I'm an advocate for anything, it's to
move. As far as you can, as much as you can.
Across the ocean, or simply across the river.
The extent to which you can walk in
someone else's shoes or at least eat their
food, it's a plus for everybody.

Open your mind, get up off the couch, move.”

— Anthony Bourdain

ee Mae
UN Human Rights High Commissioner’s
report for the Periodic Review of Israel
(2018): AAT NSS
...serious deterioration in&S
integrity of law and \!
justice agencies asa
consequence of the j'
implementation of e-¥ .
government systems. It ¢
affirmed that the validity
and integrity of any legal
and judicial records of
Israel should be deemed

dubious at best.“

ADiy yw

“Syj4 ayh

os

f
It is not necessary for the public
to know whether I am joking or
whether I am serious, just as it is
not necessary for me to know it
myself.

Salvador Dali
WA

FROMITHEIRISUAVES. sw iW
STANLEVIOBINSONAGISEEN ANARS
F (MMARSITR 32) .
Mark my word, if and when
these preachers get control of
the [Republican] party, and
they’re sure trying to do so,
it’s going to be a terrible
damn problem. Frankly, these
people frighten me. Politics
and governing demand
compromise. But these
Christians believe they are
acting in the name of God, so
they can’t and won’t
compromise. | know, I’ve
tried to deal with them.

~ Republican Barry Goldwater

“You never change
things by fighting the
existing reality. To
change something,
build a new model
that makes the
existing model

obsolete.”
-R. Buckminster Fuller

ame SStOaL.On Complete.

+ Motivate
"I did not mess up the Syntax,

I just found 100 ways ¢

Kabira Nam

o specify it
it

incorrectl
rea .
the wise man bowed his head solemnly and
spoke: "theres actually zero difference
between good & bad things. you imbecile.
you fucking moron"

5:52 PM - 1 Jun 2014
When people call you a “snowflake”
just remember they’re quoting Fight
Club, a satire written by a gay man
about how male fragility causes men to
destroy themselves, resent society, and
become radicalized, and that Tyler
Durden isn’t the hero but a
personification of the main character’s
mental illness, and that his
“snowflake” speech is a dig at how
fascists use dehumanizing language to
breed loyalty from insecure people.

So basically people who say
“snowflake” as an insult are quoting a
domestic terrorist who blows up
skyscrapers because he’s insecure
about how good he is in bed.

Adam Protextor
4% ares how grouchy
youre feeling,
You'll find the smile more
orless healing.
It grows in a wreath
All around the front teeth
Thus preserving the face

from congealing.”
Conservatism is the dread fear
that somewhere, somehow, Someone
you think is your inferior
is being treated as your equal.

A Aber valenowa

oe eo:

I distrust those people who
know so well what God wants
them to do, because I notice it

always coincides with their

own desires.

- Susan B. Anthony

Being, | imagine, must be very
simple. It is Becoming which is so
messy and which | am all for.

— dames Tiptree Jr. —

to believe nicorns
your shoes for all I ca
But theGay start te

me how to Wear my s|
so I don’t upset the unicorns,
I haye a problem with you.

The day you start ae pre

We didn't set anything up knowing that at any

DH point with no warning NPCs would materialize
and blow everything up. NPCs don't sleep, they
don't get tired, they don't have to wake people up
or take off work to show up for a timer. They just

eas Oth Meee ee ee lee ties ie ices re Ree ee keke
“There are men who are as
- much women as their moth-
ers, and women who.are as
‘much men as their fathers,
for the soul has no gender.”
Queen Kristina

1641

Pr
James Henry Hammond Speech to the U.S. Senate, March 4, 1858

In all social systems there must be a class to do the menial duties, to perform the
drudgery of life. That is, a class requiring but a low order of intellect and but little skill.
Its requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Such a class you must have, or you would not
have that other class which leads progress, civilization, and refinement. It constitutes the
very mud-sill of society and of political government; and you might as well attempt to
build a house in the air, as to build either the one or the other, except on this mud-sill.
Fortunately for the South, she found a race adapted to that purpose to her hand. A race
inferior to her own, but eminently qualified in temper, in vigor, in docility, in capacity to
stand the climate, to answer all her purposes. We use them for our purpose, and call them
slaves.... |{ will not characterize that class at the North by that term; but you have it; it is
there; it is everywhere; it is eternal.
There is no such thing as a freeman being fatally fixed for life, in the
condition of a hired laborer... Labor |s prior to, and independent of, capital...
in fact, capital is the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had
not first existed....

The prudent, penniless beginner in the world, labors for wages awhile, saves
a surplus with which to buy tools or land, for himself; then labors on his own
account another while, and at length hires another new beginner to help him.
This, say its advocates, is free labor -- the just and generous, and
Prosperous system, which opens the way for all -- gives hope to all, and
energy, and progress, and improvement of condition to all. If any continue
through life in the condition of the hired laborer, it is not the fault of the
system, but because of either a dependent nature which prefers it, or
improvidence, folly, or singular misfortune.

--An Address by Abraham Lincoln Before the Wisconsin State
Agricultural Society Milwaukee, Wisconsin, September 30, 1859
(Our new government is founded... upon the great truth that the negro is not equal
to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural
and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the
world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth.

--Alexander Stephens, Cornerstone Speech, March 21, 1861
'Itis known.
*Ttis known,
* Tris known.
*Ttis known.
eee eee ar a ne Veeewnrwwy VY AAINEE LISS

1 This was once revealed to me in a dream.
*See R. Otto, Das Heilige. He has some i
8 i
Biographical Tradition
1. Tam not about to use literature fo make this point. Anyone who is interested can
‘discuss it at length with actual women.

NOTE:

Part I
Remarks overheard by author, 24 March 2016. —

Remarks made by colleague, 23 March 2016.
Remarks made by colleague, 3 April 2016.
Remarks made by colleague, 24 March 2016. ©

When you can't find ;
the reference you're

Dito) aaa hemeltadonr ce sale [oy cece bene cel

4 looking for

/7amazon-operations.co.uk/the-complete-pa
hetps://www.ft.com/content/90fb85a8-fF5d-1 1eé
13, hetp://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d4434d6-foe3-1 le’

html#axzz4AJgkDRug
14 hetp://www.thisismoney.co,uk/money/mortgages
‘ hay to five-workers-Average-house-price-tise-
L 1p://wwwinsse.ro/ems/en/content/earnings-19
‘tp://wwwilivehere.co.uk/statistics-rugeley-s

7 heeps:/ /campaign.goinstowork ore uk/periti

SON DAU AKRWH

FLEUR ADCOCK

Things

are worse things than having behaved fool
public.

are worse things than these miniature bett
itted or endured or suspected; there are worse tl
not being able to sleep for thinking about
5 a.m. All the worse things come stalking in
dicily about the bed looking worse and wo

The second amendment doesn't exist
for hunting. It exists so
undocumented immigrants can shoot
ICE agents in self defense - Ronald

Reagan

Ito Hoe not mean to stand by the pr president.

—— Theodore Roosevelt ——
Our country can’t
afford to continue
losing our best
and brightest
to gun violence.
The more | study, the more
insatiable do | feel my genius for
it to be.

~ Ada Lovelace

AZ QUOTES
Though we do need more women to
graduate with technical degrees, |
always like to remind women that
you don't need to have science or

technology degrees to build a career

in tech.

= Susan Wejcichi _

AZ QUOTES

Atruly extraordinary variety of alternatives to the chemical
control of insects is available. Some are already in use and have
achieved brilliant success. Others are in the stage of laboratory
testing. Still others are little more than ideas in the minds of
imaginative scientists, waiting for the opportunity to put them
to the test. All have this in common: they are A7olagical
solutions, based on understanding of the living organisms they
seek to control, and of the whole fabric of life to which these
organisms belong. Specialists representing various areas of the
vast field of biology are contributing—entomologists,
pathologists, geneticists, physiologists, biochemists, ecologists
—all pouring their knowledge and their creative inspirations
into the formation of a new science of biotic controls.
lam among those who think that
science has great beauty.

— Marie Curie —

John G. Self « ist ae

A m=) Recruiter who coaches executives how to
<4 successfully accelerate their job search
2d

#yourcareer #personalbrand #reputation
#truthmatters

Daily Quote

“Authenticity is important. If you are authentic it means
you are staying true to who you are, what you do and

John G. Self, Mana

Jone Self Recruiting Leaders, Guiding Careers
We investigate the methodology used in a significant genre of
experimental economics, in which experiments are designed to test
theoretical models by implementing them in the laboratory. Using two
case studies, we argue that such an experiment is a test, not of what the
model says about its target domain, but of generic theoretical
components used in the model. The properties that make a model
interesting as a putative explanation of phenomena in its target domain

are not necessarily appropriate for such tests. We consider how this
George Washington:
~) “I cannot tell a lie.’
_ 9 Donald Trump:
‘ “I cannot tell the truth.’

a
Trump Supporters:
F “| cannot tell the difference.”
| De y

or wanting to

‘Restoration is fear of mortality,
believe that anything that’s broken can return

to how it was.”

Teen Rules

for fun, for growing as Christians, and for God’s honor.

Come Des center around this goal. We do not have fun at
Car is another's expense, therefore:
Of conversation ever concerning: rock music (Christian or
“4 a é Baan, booze, drugs, immorality, movies, vulgarity. This
0 is never to be a part of our talk, even in jest. ;
2. Suspected possession of booze, tobacco, or drugs, is a
away" “send home” offense.
3. The adults are always right, even when they are wrong.
Oesn't Keep a good attitude and let Pastor Goddard know of any
there problem. Do not mention it to anyone else. ”
to b 4. Nevertouch another’s property-tooth paste, shaving cream,
le water, etc. If you see a prank, turn itin or you are guilty too.
HIM. | All involved will go home - right then!
Be in your place, on time. If sick or a roblem, tell a
) have counselor. is
ork of ‘Never wander off as a couple, guys or girls, or mixed.
nemy, _ No guy/girl contact ever, even with adults.
z Silay away from cabins of opposite gender .
| if we U won't do it with a counselor watching, don’t do it!
sically tinguishers, fires, firecrackers, or other daring,

INS are prohibited.

‘Players, CD’s, or radios.

area is off limits (including restrooms and area

Id pool) to those not scheduled to use pool at that

>t go into someone else’s cabin without being invited.
Y Out of the kitchen.
moon clean up time is for clean up and quiet: to read,

ray, nap, @te. Don't bother each other. Stay in or near
Our cabin.

© one allowed in cabin alone.

3
2009 Baptist Teen Camp

f It’s harder to be a politician thé
it is to be a scientist, and less fun
In science, you have to suspend
belief, and it has to be shown to
you, whereas politicians have

to always be certain. The problem
is that most things aren’t very
certain, and that’s not a way to
inspire voters, to s maybe, 99

FIRST THEY ca

AME F
BECAUsE | WAS NO

THEN THEY CAME ae THE
menue | WAS Not A

.

cOSS if
'eaovernment,
te)

; oo
ee one noble experiment mn Se

Ronald Reagan, U.S. president
tly
HUMAN
KINDNESS HAS
NEVER
WEAKENED THE
STAMINA OR
SOFTENED THE
FIBER OF A FREE
PEOPLE. A NATION
DOES NOT HAVE
TOBE CRUEETS
BE TOUGH.

—| = FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT

Sow oy Poe ©

black
WUSeCry

< a" Langston
t ff ___ Hughes

Misery is when the teacher
asked you who was
the Father of our Country and

you said, “Booker T. Washington,”

“Until lions have their historians,
tales of the hunt shall
always glorify the hunter”

African Proverb
POOLER, Circuit Judge, dissenting:

Prolonged solitary confinement is one of the true horrors of the modern-
day penal system. “Years on end of near-total isolation exact a terrible price.”
Davis v. Ayala, 135 S, Ct. 2187, 2210 (2015) (Kennedy, J., concurring). Studies have

shown that prolonged solitary confinement can result in paranoia, hallucinations,

suicidal ideation, feelings of impending doom, decline in mental functioning,
insomnia, nightmares, and many other symptoms related to severe depression.

and anxiety. See Porter v. Clarke, 923 F.3d 348, 355-57 (4th Cir

include post-traumatic stress disorder (“PTSD”), self-mutilation, obsessional

thinking, dangerous weight loss, and aggravation of preexisting health issues.

Williams v. Sec’y Pa Dep't of Corr., 848 F.3d 549, 566 (3d Cir. 2017). “[T]here isnot a
single study of solitary confinement wherein nonvoluntary confinement that
lasted for longer than 10 days failed to result in negative psychological effects.”

Id. at 566 (internal quotation marks, brackets, and citations omitted). That these

scars may not be visible makes them no less agonizing.
AAMC ISS LOL OULSICGE audiences. UNIKe Climate Scientists, who
choose whether and how to participate in public science, crimin
do not have the autonomy to walk away from their audiences, They t
to work ina state of anticipation and translation; their work is organi

Arla A nea oe er

Criminalists are a model case of what happens to expert workers
teachers, doctors, or engineers who have “good jobs,” but are requi
to work within systems beyond their control. Perhaps securing exp
tise once promised some level of autonomy; this was particularly t
for professionals, who often worked in partnerships managed throu
the collegial interactions ofa set of peers. Today, being an expert work
‘often means that you report to nonexperts, or must justify your ex
tence to those who do not know your field. Working with and depend
ing on those outside of their occupational boundaries influences
perts’ work practices. Watching criminalists adapt to new technologi
invent new ways to communicate their science, and struggle to sO
how their subjective yet informed judgments are better than allege :
objective machines or automated algorithms is valuable; it offers less
for other expert workers. :

0 Important to understand the real way science 1S pid
and the messy ways that knowledge is produced. Many want to beli
that the work of criminalists is flawless, and that science itselfis flaw

ThA wriwrns oon oe ee a A ed a eae ee eee at the
See ick] : °
Colby’s keyboard, he quickly started pouring out all his troubles,
much to the embarrassment of onlookers. He wasn’t the only one.
would-be patients besieged Weizenbaum with phone calls, beg-
ging him to put them on-line so they could pull themselves to-
gether. Weizenbaum got so spooked by all this that he wrote his
hook, Computer Power and Human Reason, in which he con-
demned Al as the province of madmen and psychopaths. He still
labors in the AI lab at MIT, a voice of conscience among the
guesters, but he is a controversial figure among his colleagues. To
them he’s an example of what can happen when a scientist
becomes obsessed with the social consequences of his research; as
one of them put it, “You shouldn’t get bogged down because you

cant compute the future.”
The next significant development in natural language was

SHRDLU, a program developed at the end of the decade by

We pen’
Z

ae A
"Destroy the idea that you have to be
constantly working or grinding in order
to be successful. Embrace the concept
that rest, recovery, reflection are essential
parts of the progress towards a successful
and happy life." zach caitianakis

eee
‘If wealth was the inevitable result of
hard work and enterprise, every woman
in Africa would be a millionaire.’

— George Monbiot

David Avocado Wolfe
Pe Aippers and castanet-like “knocks Dy Chatvi ne a an by |
' Ducks have an entire repertoire of courtship splashing sounds made by kicking

’ their feet during displays variously named the paddle-kick, plonk-kick, and whistle-

: ge in a sort of sonic “foreplay”: male At-
ulating their partner's genitals
n known as a genital buzz.
used in both homosexual an:
same-sex courtship involves only

3s. 4. COD eawoart

Ip most species the same courtship behavio
sal interactions. Sometimes, however,
7 ay WA 2 Fi ie
We live in capil ALIS T Is power

secs Mee ¢, So did ee

buman DeMngs.

“People don't leave Christianity because they
stop believing in the teachings of Jesus.
People leave Christianity because they believe
in the teachings of Jesus so much, they can’t
stomach being part of an institution that
claims to be about that and clearly isn’t.”

~ Nadia Bolz-Weber
ae] Kamau Wairuri
r @KamauWairuri

“When wealth is passed off as merit,
bad luck is seen as bad character. This
is how ideologues justify punishing the
sick and the poor. But poverty is
neither a crime nor a character flaw.
Stigmatise those who let people die,
not those who struggle to live." -
Sarah Kendzior.
Every time we turn our heads

the other way when we see the
law flouted, when we tolerate
what we know to be wrong,

when we close our eyes and ears
to the corrupt because we are too
busy or too frightened, when we
fail to speak up and speak out,
we strike a blow against freedom,
decency and justice.

~ Robert E Kennedy
I like being alone. I have control over my
own shit. Therefore, in order to win me
over, your presence has to feel better
than my solitude. You're not competing
with another person, you are competing
with my comfort zones.

Horacio Jones
“We should measure the
prosperity of a nation not by
the number of millionaires, but
by the absence of poverty, the
prevalence of health, the
efficiency of the public schools,
and the number of people who
can and do read worthwhile
books.”

~ W.E. B. Du Bois

>

”
We need to stop
just pulling people
out of the river.

We need to go
upstream and find
out why they're
falling in.

-Desmond Tutu
Lilly Dancyger @ v
@lillydancyger

| don't care that much about wrinkles
and gray hair, I'm more worried about
keeping my worldview flexible
enough that when I'm older | don't
condescendingly tell young people
to play by the rules that worked in my
day, with no concern for whether or
not those rules still apply 1°
I think there’s a point in

your healing journey where

you stop trying to convince

other people to do the right

thing, you just observe their
choices, understand their
character, and decide what
you’re going to allow in

your life.

Brianna Wiest

Word Porn
Kelli... #OperaGeek Vv
\ @TheOperaGeek

“There were times when the world did
not need policemen, because what

it really did need was for somebody
who knew what they were doing to
shut it all down and start it all up again
so that THIS time it could be done
properly."

- Terry Pratchett, Snuff

#Discworld

4:37 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android

Kelli-.- #OperaGeek v
‘ @TheOperaGeek

"..but what should we do when the
highborn and wealthy take to crime?
Indeed, if a poor man will soend a year
in prison for stealing out of hunger,
how high would the gallows need to
be to hang the rich man who breaks
the law out of greed?"

- Terry Pratchett, Snuff

4:39 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android

Kelli-.- #OperaGeek
Y @TheOperaGeek

"'m not a natural killer! See this? See
what it says? I'm supposed to KEEP
the peace, | am! If | kill people to do it,
I'm reading the wrong manual!"

- Watch Commander Sam Vimes on
policing

(Terry Pratchett, Jingo)

4:43 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android

Kelli. - #OperaGeek
WY @TheOperaGeek

"He asked you to shoot at people who
weren't shooting back,” growled
Vimes, striding forward.

[...] “They are throwing STONES,
Sarge,” said Colon.

"So? Stay out of range. They'll get
tired before we do." "

-Sam Vimes on policing, again. (Terry
Pratchett, Night Watch)

4:49 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android
Kelli-.- #O0peraGeek
\ @TheOperaGeek

"No excuses. No excuses at all. Once
you had a good excuse, you opened
the door to bad excuses."

- Terry Pratchett, THUD!

#Discworld

4:52 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android
Kelli-.- #OperaGeek
Y @TheOperaGeek

"And if you did it for a good reason,
you'd do it for a bad one. You couldn't
say “we're the good guys” and do
bad-guy things."

- Vimes on policing & excuses, part
three.

(Terry Pratchett, THUD!)

#Discworld

4:54 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android
Kelli. - #OperaGeek
Y @TheOperaGeek

"For the enemy is not Troll, nor it is
Dwarf, but it is the baleful, the malign,
the cowardly, the vessels of hatred,
those who do a bad thing and call it
good."

-Terry Pratchett, THUD!
#Discworld

4:55 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android

3 Retweets 28 Likes
"Down there - he said - are people who
will follow any dragon, worship any god,
ignore any inequity. All out of a kind of
humdrum, everyday badness. Not the
really high, creative loathsomeness of
the great sinners, but a sort of mass-
produced darkness of the soul.

Sin, you might say, without a trace of
originality. They accept evil not because
they say yes, but because they don't say
no."

- The Dragon on human nature

(Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
Kelli. - #OperaGeek Vv
Y @TheOperaGeek

“But we were dragons. We were
supposed to be cruel, cunning,
heartless and terrible. But this much |
can tell you, we never burned and
tortured and ripped one another apart
and called it morality."

- The Dragon on human nature, part
two

(Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards)

5:03 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android

3 Retweets 24 Likes
Kelli. - #OperaGeek v
Y @TheOperaGeek

"There were people who steal money
from people. Fair
enough. That was just theft.

But there were people who, with
one easy word, would steal the
humanity from people. That
was something else."

- Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms
#Discworld

5:05 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android
Kelli-.- #OperaGeek
Y @TheOperaGeek

"And, while it was regarded as pretty
good evidence of criminality to be
living in a slum, for SOME reason
owning a whole street of them merely
got you invited to the very best social
occasions."

- Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay

5:07 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android

9 Retweets 27 Likes
Kelli. - #OperaGeek
Y @TheOperaGeek

"You couldn't say 'l had orders.’ You
couldn't say ‘It's not fair. No one was
listening. There were no Words. You
owned yourself. [...]

Not 'Thou Shalt Not’.

Say '| WILL NOT".

-Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay
5:09 PM - 6/8/20 - Twitter for Android

3 Retweets 17 Likes

For too long, we have been a

to our citizens: as long as
obey the law, we will leave
you alone.

481 RETWEETS 168 FAVORITES SH 459.178 He 168 ce
For too long, we have been a
to our citizens: as long as
obey the law, we will leave

481 RETWEETS 168 FAVORITES SH 459.178 Xe 168 ce
© 77% =

‘ pol oe el
a THIS IS REALITY
+ a ue

Discover

a Pe) LOLGOP
~ =e When they say pot is now legal in , they mean it's even legal for
minorities now.

Cory Doctorow

1930s ice-cream parlour hidden in Cincinnati's art deco railway station
boingboing.net/2015/07/01/193...

© 77% =

‘ pol oe el
a THIS IS REALITY
+ a ue

Discover

a Pe) LOLGOP
~ =e When they say pot is now legal in , they mean it's even legal for
minorities now.

Cory Doctorow

1930s ice-cream parlour hidden in Cincinnati's art deco railway station
boingboing.net/2015/07/01/193...

indefinite ates tar)

The vast accumulations of knowledge —~ or at least of
information - deposited by the nineteenth cent
have been responsible for an equally vast ignors

—

igs

a
When there is so much to be known, when there are so
many fields of knowledge in which the Same words are
used with differe

little about a great many things, it becomes increas-
ingly difficult for anyone to know whether he
what he

KNOWS

is talking about or not. And when we do not

know, or when we do not know enough, we tend

always to substitute emotions for tho
ence so frequently quote es

In this essay wil] serve for

ae

2,037 RETWEETS 1,920 FAVORITES

nt meanings, when every one knowsa |

|

oughts/ The sen-\)

iPad +

+®@

9:26 PM

@theweirdworld

Scientists lit a cave of natural gas on fire in
1971

924 1,684

4 robin Retweeted

John Maeda @johnmaeda 12m
“Some problems are just too complicated for rational, logical

solutions. They admit of insights, not answers.” —Jerome B
Wiesner (1915-1994)

141

Financial Times @FinancialTimes
FT Americans spend savings from cheap petrol on.ft.com/
1ZeAxRY

TIME.com @TIME 2m
SUV) World marks first week of no new Ebola cases

World Marks First Week of No New...
This is the first Ebola-free week sinc.

time.com

31 31

OF BE The Guardian @guardian 3m

Home

© 22% 0_)

QZ
iPad +

+®@

9:26 PM

@theweirdworld

Scientists lit a cave of natural gas on fire in
1971

924 1,684

4 robin Retweeted

John Maeda @johnmaeda 12m
“Some problems are just too complicated for rational, logical

solutions. They admit of insights, not answers.” —Jerome B
Wiesner (1915-1994)

141

Financial Times @FinancialTimes
FT Americans spend savings from cheap petrol on.ft.com/
1ZeAxRY

TIME.com @TIME 2m
SUV) World marks first week of no new Ebola cases

World Marks First Week of No New...
This is the first Ebola-free week sinc.

time.com

31 31

OF BE The Guardian @guardian 3m

Home

© 22% 0_)

QZ
Instagram photo by intersectional feminist « Feb 2, 2016 at 2:27 PM

www.instagram.com ¥

Expecting marginalized peoples
to disregard their own emotions

to calmly educate you Is the
epitome of entitlement.

feministastic FOLLOW
1,458 likes

theycallthewindmariah23 @formerly_know
n_as_huey dude. this.

lashfleeks Wonderful!

planetlucid super-like.

doudou_bonheur @notsallyhan
notsallyhan @doudou_bonheur agreeeed
roseebugg Yeeeees @nientara right??!!

atomhuestin @ej.fm to make up for my
earlier BHM celebration submission

j__lubs @zoevivesjancou

amixedreaction why do 'civilized' and
‘intelligent’ conversations have to be void
of real emotions? the fact that marginalized
people are asked to 'calm down!’ and that
they're ‘getting carried away' when talking
about things that directly affect them is
basically saying that any discourse that

Log in to like or comment. 00

Share
Instagram photo by intersectional feminist « Feb 2, 2016 at 2:27 PM

www.instagram.com ¥

Expecting marginalized peoples
to disregard their own emotions

to calmly educate you Is the
epitome of entitlement.

feministastic FOLLOW
1,458 likes

theycallthewindmariah23 @formerly_know
n_as_huey dude. this.

lashfleeks Wonderful!

planetlucid super-like.

doudou_bonheur @notsallyhan
notsallyhan @doudou_bonheur agreeeed
roseebugg Yeeeees @nientara right??!!

atomhuestin @ej.fm to make up for my
earlier BHM celebration submission

j__lubs @zoevivesjancou

amixedreaction why do 'civilized' and
‘intelligent’ conversations have to be void
of real emotions? the fact that marginalized
people are asked to 'calm down!’ and that
they're ‘getting carried away' when talking
about things that directly affect them is
basically saying that any discourse that

Log in to like or comment. 00

Share
“A photographer went to a
socialite party in New York.
As he entered the front
door, the host said 'I love
your pictures - they're
wonderful; you must have a
fantastic camera.’ He said
nothing until dinner was
finished, then: 'That was a
wonderful dinner; you must
have a terrific stove.”

-Sam Haskins-
i td =
- Ah, I love my records... I just
wish they were smaller, more
expensive d illegal to

Z

&

CUTTING
LIBRARIES

IN A RECESSION
IS LIKE

CUTTING
HOSPITALS

IN A PLAGUE.
ELEANOR CRUMBLEHULME
i think we like

to complicate things
when it is really

' quite simple;

find what it is
that: makes. you happy
and whe it is

that makes you happy
and you're: set,
promise,
“Live a good life. If
there are gods and

are just, then they

not care how devou|

you have been, but v
welcome you based o
the virtues you have
lived by. If there are
gods, but unjust

you should no

worship them,

are no gods,

will be gone,

have lived a noble:

that will live on in the
memories of your loved
ones."

- Marcus Aurelius
Rott
Save Fof Yovt old
Repenir aPrea Me T awnFrae.

O ween stew h fooe with The weattere .
@ Avro Peveques
© Mever vie h Verb oem THAY
qo CARRY NALIGUE-
© MEVER WsE Am _ADVERG Tr monk 7
Te ung “SAIDS
. peer ye. EXCLAMATION,
Bok OE Monta “tourect!

“Stan

(Fe aN] © kvnd netawen

aN OescaipTionS OF CitanactenS

@ SAME Foe Peaces +THgs !

(D veave ot The PAnrs
nesmens Tene Te
ee.
Howaro ZINN

CIVIL/DISOBEDIENCE IS NOT OUR PROBLEM. OUR PROBLEM IS CIVIL
OBEDIENCE. OUR PROBLEM IS THAT PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD
HAVE OBEYED THE DICTATES OF THE LEADERS OF THEIR
GOVERNMENT AND HAVE GONE TO WAR, AND MILLIONS HAVE BEEN
KILLED BECAUSE OF THIS OBEDIENCE..OUR PROBLEM IS THAT
PEOPLE ARE OBEDIENT ALL OVER THE WORLD IN THE FACE OF
POVERTY AND STARVATION AND STUPIDITY, AND WAR, AND
CRUELTY. OUR PROBLEM IS THAT PEOPLE ARE OBEDIENT WHILE THE
JAILS ARE FULL OF PETTY THIEVES, AND ALL THE WHILE THE GRAND,
THIEVES ARE RUNNING THE COUNTRY. THATS OUR PROBLEM

iPad > 8:40 AM © 100% =
&: o Qe

Austria’s Election Is a Warning to the West

Mark Riedl

Today's adventures in buggy #Al story generation:
Mt@ 1. John enters the bank.

2. Police arrive.

3. Police arrest John.

The end.

: Alex J. Champandard x
A @mark_riedl If you add "0. John is black" then it's not a

bug but a political statement.

Bloomberg
Pharmaceutical companies' $27 billion problem leaves Tel
Aviv's stocks near bear market bloom.bg/1WEtxhs

lof the TA-25 companies traded above their 100-day mov. avg. this week

MTel Aviv 25 Stock Prices (R1)
% of Members With Price > 100 Day Mov. Avg. (L1)

e

Home
iPad > 8:40 AM © 100% =
&: o Qe

Austria’s Election Is a Warning to the West

Mark Riedl

Today's adventures in buggy #Al story generation:
Mt@ 1. John enters the bank.

2. Police arrive.

3. Police arrest John.

The end.

: Alex J. Champandard x
A @mark_riedl If you add "0. John is black" then it's not a

bug but a political statement.

Bloomberg
Pharmaceutical companies' $27 billion problem leaves Tel
Aviv's stocks near bear market bloom.bg/1WEtxhs

lof the TA-25 companies traded above their 100-day mov. avg. this week

MTel Aviv 25 Stock Prices (R1)
% of Members With Price > 100 Day Mov. Avg. (L1)

e

Home
NOTHING IS ORIGINAL, STEAL FROM ANYWHERE THAT,
RESONATES WITH INSPIRATION OR FUELS YOUR IMAGINATION.
DEVOUR OLD FILMS) NEW FILMS) MUSIC, BOOKS, PAINTINGS,
PHOTOGRAPHS, POEMS, DREAMS, RANDOM CONVERSATIONS,
ARCHITECTURE) BRIDGES) STREET SIGNS, TREES, CLOUDS,
BODIES OF WATER) LIGHT AND SHADOWS) SELECT ONLY THINGS,
‘TO STEAL FROM THAT SPEAK DIRECTLY TO YOUR SOUL IF YOU
DO'THIS) YOUR WORK (AND THEFT) WILL BE AUTHENTIC,

"AUTHENTICITY IS INVALUABLE; ORIGINALITY IS NON-EXISTENT.
‘AND DON'T BOTHER CONCEALING YOUR THIEVERY — CELEBRATE
ITF YOU|FEEU LIKE IT/IN/ANY CASE, ALWAYS REMEMBER.
WHATJEAN-LUC GODARD SAID: “IT’S NOT WHERE YOU TAKE
‘THINGS FROM—IT’S WHERE YOU TAKE THEM TO.”

IM JARMUSCH
iPad = 2:18 PM © ©} 72%/-

Tweet Q dA

Phil Carlisle
@zoombapup

| really love the potential games have to show us other
worlds and other ways of being, but that notion is
commercially unpopular sadly.

6/28/16, 1:18 PM

1LIKE

4 4 ~

t

e “ 5 pa

Home Notifications Moments

Zhe

Messages
iPad = 2:18 PM ©} 72%/-

Tweet e% dA

Phil Carlisle
@zoombapup

| really love the potential games have to show us other
worlds and other ways of being, but that notion is
commercially unpopular sadly.

6/28/16, 1:18 PM

1LIKE

4 ay ~

t

0 5 i

Home Notifications Moments

Zhe

Messages
Angie Drobnic Holan
rs Michelle Obama correct that

White House built by slaves

. \ Debi Clark Bickmore

Weren't the enslaved paid?
Angie Drobnic Holan
rs Michelle Obama correct that

White House built by slaves

. \ Debi Clark Bickmore

Weren't the enslaved paid?
iPad > 3:17 PM © 97% =
nal v AZ
WHILE YOU WERE AWAY...

a Book | pdf] (umich.edu)

iia 5 hours ago | cached | share | flac

! a Novel (themilions.com)

nens 2 hours ago | cached | share | '

Le Richard Lemarchand @rich_lem 32m
Another bit of wisdom from Ed Catmull's 'Creativity Inc'
that I'll try to channel in my grad student class this fall
atter if your model is different
intain, stampeding horses or |
‘truggles to build a framework to
s in our heads embolden us as w
is to do the exhilarating and diffi
ca a , ys 2

Home Notifications Moments Messages
iPad > 3:17 PM © 97% =
nal v AZ
WHILE YOU WERE AWAY...

a Book | pdf] (umich.edu)

iia 5 hours ago | cached | share | flac

! a Novel (themilions.com)

nens 2 hours ago | cached | share | '

Le Richard Lemarchand @rich_lem 32m
Another bit of wisdom from Ed Catmull's 'Creativity Inc'
that I'll try to channel in my grad student class this fall
atter if your model is different
intain, stampeding horses or |
‘truggles to build a framework to
s in our heads embolden us as w
is to do the exhilarating and diffi
ca a , ys 2

Home Notifications Moments Messages
iPad > 8:27 AM © 90% =)

< Tweet QZ

David Graeber
@davidgraeber

idea: structures are made up of actions, not concepts,
conceptual systems are just reflexive abstractions from
the coordination of activity

8/18/16, 8:24 AM from South East, England
6 RETWEETS 10 LIKES

4 4 ~

t

Reply to David Graeber

e a 5 7]

Home Notifications Moments Messages

Zhe
“The older, traditional
ideas of private,
isolated thoughts and
actions —the patterns
of mechanistic
technologies—are
very seriously
threatened by new
methods of
instantaneous electric
information retrieval,
by the electrically
computerized
dossier —that one big
gossip column that is
unforgiving,
unforgetful and from
which there is no
redemption, no
erasure of early
mistakes.”

@ 4%C 4

John v

if@ Like

I'd do really well with a "Choose Your Own Adventure!"
cookbook, where it's like "If you choose to add a
teaspoon of oregano, turn to page 21. If you realize
you fucked up because you forgot to buy oregano and
don't feel like leaving the house again but are already
halfway through making this dish, turn to page 43."

@B Comment > Share

Sherol Chen shared The Ugly Volvo's photo.
2hrs- @

The Ugly Volvo
Sunday at 4:47 AM- @

Raquel D'Apice
9 hrs* J

O85
ia Like @® Comment > Share
Do A EE OT
News Feed Requests Messenger Notifications

More

Q Search
Trieste Fizzy Devlin
ACTIVE 6H AGO

Ali DeMoro
ACTIVE 8H AGO

Tim Buonagurio
ACTIVE 3H AGO

Luke Dicken
ONLINE NOW

3660

See More

Trending

™ Eric Trump
Donald Trump's Son Says It Would Be

‘Foolish’ for His Father to Release Tax Retur...

/ Rush Limbaugh
Radio Host Says Obama Is Encouraging

Lesbians to Become Farmers to ‘Attack Rur...

™ Bella Thorne
Actress Comes Out as Bisexual After Photos
Surface of Her Kissing Another Woman
@ 4%C 4

John v

if@ Like

I'd do really well with a "Choose Your Own Adventure!"
cookbook, where it's like "If you choose to add a
teaspoon of oregano, turn to page 21. If you realize
you fucked up because you forgot to buy oregano and
don't feel like leaving the house again but are already
halfway through making this dish, turn to page 43."

@B Comment > Share

Sherol Chen shared The Ugly Volvo's photo.
2hrs- @

The Ugly Volvo
Sunday at 4:47 AM- @

Raquel D'Apice
9 hrs* J

O85
ia Like @® Comment > Share
Do A EE OT
News Feed Requests Messenger Notifications

More

Q Search
Trieste Fizzy Devlin
ACTIVE 6H AGO

Ali DeMoro
ACTIVE 8H AGO

Tim Buonagurio
ACTIVE 3H AGO

Luke Dicken
ONLINE NOW

3660

See More

Trending

™ Eric Trump
Donald Trump's Son Says It Would Be

‘Foolish’ for His Father to Release Tax Retur...

/ Rush Limbaugh
Radio Host Says Obama Is Encouraging

Lesbians to Become Farmers to ‘Attack Rur...

™ Bella Thorne
Actress Comes Out as Bisexual After Photos
Surface of Her Kissing Another Woman
@ thenation.com

N

You start out in 1954 by saying, “Nigger,
nigger, nigger.” By 1968 you can’t say
“nigger”—that hurts you, backfires. So you
say stuff like, uh, forced busing, states’
rights, and all that stuff, and you're getting
so abstract. Now, you’re talking about
cutting taxes, and all these things you’re
talking about are totally economic things
and a byproduct of them is, blacks get hurt
worse than whites.... “We want to cut this,”

is much more abstract than even the

busing thing, uh, and a hell of a lot more

abstract than “Nigger, nigger.”
@ thenation.com

N

You start out in 1954 by saying, “Nigger,
nigger, nigger.” By 1968 you can’t say
“nigger”—that hurts you, backfires. So you
say stuff like, uh, forced busing, states’
rights, and all that stuff, and you're getting
so abstract. Now, you’re talking about
cutting taxes, and all these things you’re
talking about are totally economic things
and a byproduct of them is, blacks get hurt
worse than whites.... “We want to cut this,”

is much more abstract than even the

busing thing, uh, and a hell of a lot more

abstract than “Nigger, nigger.”
Br daniel
¥ ea i just realized i'd totally play twine games about disillusioned hardy boys.

The Mystery of Who Ate My Lunch at the Factory

The Curse of Misreporting Taxes That One Time

Br daniel
¥ ea i just realized i'd totally play twine games about disillusioned hardy boys.

The Mystery of Who Ate My Lunch at the Factory

The Curse of Misreporting Taxes That One Time

There's a lot of ways it can happen. It's funny how | have popular bugs, right? You
shouldn't have popular bugs. But the most popular bug with the latest release, |
added taverns to fortress mode, so the dwarves will go to a proper
establishment, get mugs, and make orders, and they'll drink in the mug. And,
you know, things happen, mugs get spilled, there’s some alcohol on the ground.

Now, the cats would walk into the taverns, right, and because of the old blood
footprint code from, like, eight years ago or something, they would get alcohol
on their feet. It was originally so people could pad blood around, but now any
liquid, right, so they get alcohol on their feet. And then | wanted to add cleaning
stuff so when people were bathing, or | even made eyelids work for no reason,
because | do random things sometimes. So cats will lick and clean themselves,
and ona lark, when | made them clean themselves I’m like, ‘Well, it’s a cat. When
you do lick cleaning, you actually ingest the thing that you're cleaning off, right?
They make hairballs, so they must swallow something, right?’ And so the cats,
when they cleaned the alcohol off their feet, they all got drunk. Because they
were drinking.

But the numbers were off on that. | had never thought about, you know,
activating inebriation syndromes back when | was adding the cleaning stuff. |
was just like, ‘Well, they ingest it and they get a full dose,’ but a full dose is a
whole mug of alcohol for a cat-sized creature, and it does all the blood alcohol

size-based calculations, so the cats would get sick and vomit all over the tavern
There's a lot of ways it can happen. It's funny how | have popular bugs, right? You
shouldn't have popular bugs. But the most popular bug with the latest release, |
added taverns to fortress mode, so the dwarves will go to a proper
establishment, get mugs, and make orders, and they'll drink in the mug. And,
you know, things happen, mugs get spilled, there’s some alcohol on the ground.

Now, the cats would walk into the taverns, right, and because of the old blood
footprint code from, like, eight years ago or something, they would get alcohol
on their feet. It was originally so people could pad blood around, but now any
liquid, right, so they get alcohol on their feet. And then | wanted to add cleaning
stuff so when people were bathing, or | even made eyelids work for no reason,
because | do random things sometimes. So cats will lick and clean themselves,
and ona lark, when | made them clean themselves I’m like, ‘Well, it’s a cat. When
you do lick cleaning, you actually ingest the thing that you're cleaning off, right?
They make hairballs, so they must swallow something, right?’ And so the cats,
when they cleaned the alcohol off their feet, they all got drunk. Because they
were drinking.

But the numbers were off on that. | had never thought about, you know,
activating inebriation syndromes back when | was adding the cleaning stuff. |
was just like, ‘Well, they ingest it and they get a full dose,’ but a full dose is a
whole mug of alcohol for a cat-sized creature, and it does all the blood alcohol

size-based calculations, so the cats would get sick and vomit all over the tavern
The anti-Semite has chosen hate because hate is a faith; at
the outset he has chosen to devaluate words and reasons.
How entirely at ease he feels as a result. How futile and
frivolous discussions about the rights of the Jew appear to
him. He has placed himself on other ground from the
beginning. If out of courtesy he consents for a moment to
defend his point of view, he lends himself but does not give
himself. He tries simply to project his intuitive certainty
onto the plane of discourse. I mentioned awhile back some
remarks by anti-Semites, all of them absurd: "I hate Jews
because they make servants insubordinate, because a
Jewish furrier robbed me, etc." Never believe that anti-
Semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their
replies. They know that their remarks are frivolous, open
to challenge. But they are amusing themselves, for it is
their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly,
since he believes in words. The anti-Semites have the right
to play. They even like to play with discourse for, by giving
ridiculous reasons, they discredit the seriousness of their
interlocutors. They delight in acting in bad faith, since they
seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate
and disconcert. If you press them too closely, they will
abruptly fall silent, loftily indicating by some phrase that
the time for argument is past. It is not that they are afraid

The anti-Semite has chosen hate because hate is a faith; at
the outset he has chosen to devaluate words and reasons.
How entirely at ease he feels as a result. How futile and
frivolous discussions about the rights of the Jew appear to
him. He has placed himself on other ground from the
beginning. If out of courtesy he consents for a moment to
defend his point of view, he lends himself but does not give
himself. He tries simply to project his intuitive certainty
onto the plane of discourse. I mentioned awhile back some
remarks by anti-Semites, all of them absurd: "I hate Jews
because they make servants insubordinate, because a
Jewish furrier robbed me, etc." Never believe that anti-
Semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their
replies. They know that their remarks are frivolous, open
to challenge. But they are amusing themselves, for it is
their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly,
since he believes in words. The anti-Semites have the right
to play. They even like to play with discourse for, by giving
ridiculous reasons, they discredit the seriousness of their
interlocutors. They delight in acting in bad faith, since they
seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate
and disconcert. If you press them too closely, they will
abruptly fall silent, loftily indicating by some phrase that
the time for argument is past. It is not that they are afraid

6:30 AM
@ reddit.com

permalink embed parent

load more comments (17 replies)
[-] [deleted] an hour ago

load more comments (2 replies)

load more comments (21 replies)

[-] cannibalismo 6140 points 3 hours ago @

I worked with a professor that studied this almost by accident, and came up with a
compelling theory. He studied ancient stone tools, and would explore how they were
made by getting students to make new ones. He noticed that he could tell whether they
were made by lefties or righties.

Next step was a stroke of brilliance IMO, he started to look back at the stone tools in
museum collections, in order to trace when humans stopped being ambidextrous (like
most ape species, so he knew there was a point when this occurred), and there was a
clear sign at about 500,000 years ago.

This is the same time that human skull differentiation showed clear signs of growth in the
speech centres, such that language was becoming more important. The theory at the
moment stands that handedness is an accident of this development of the side of the
brain that controls speech.

http://www. livescience.com/13951-neanderthals-hand-dominance-language.html

permalink embed
[-] Sabahn [score hidden] 3 hours ago*
Upvote the shit out of this because this is the best explanation I've read.

And I've no idea what other to say with my post currently being on the front page and
I didn't expect nearly the response because I asked this out of curiosity and don't
know what the fuck to do with the fact I ended up front page.
permalink embed parent

[-] palindromic-bob [score hidden] 15 minutes ago

don't know what the fuck to do with the fact I ended up front page
Meh, just relax.
permalink embed parent

[-] disarmed89 [score hidden] 16 minutes ago

Ra narthinnd

we do w "what_we we. must)
because’we cangy

ODERATORS

message the moderators

bossgalaga

Mason1 1987
kouhoutek
SecureThruObscure
AutoModerator
doc_daneeka
ELI5_Modteam

Moskaus0
Analtoast
Santi87 1
..and 28 more »
(<] e discussions in /r/explainlikeimfive x

34 points - 27 comments
ELIS: How do planes/subs know when missiles have
a 'lock'?
6:30 AM
@ reddit.com

permalink embed parent

load more comments (17 replies)
[-] [deleted] an hour ago

load more comments (2 replies)

load more comments (21 replies)

[-] cannibalismo 6140 points 3 hours ago @

I worked with a professor that studied this almost by accident, and came up with a
compelling theory. He studied ancient stone tools, and would explore how they were
made by getting students to make new ones. He noticed that he could tell whether they
were made by lefties or righties.

Next step was a stroke of brilliance IMO, he started to look back at the stone tools in
museum collections, in order to trace when humans stopped being ambidextrous (like
most ape species, so he knew there was a point when this occurred), and there was a
clear sign at about 500,000 years ago.

This is the same time that human skull differentiation showed clear signs of growth in the
speech centres, such that language was becoming more important. The theory at the
moment stands that handedness is an accident of this development of the side of the
brain that controls speech.

http://www. livescience.com/13951-neanderthals-hand-dominance-language.html

permalink embed
[-] Sabahn [score hidden] 3 hours ago*
Upvote the shit out of this because this is the best explanation I've read.

And I've no idea what other to say with my post currently being on the front page and
I didn't expect nearly the response because I asked this out of curiosity and don't
know what the fuck to do with the fact I ended up front page.
permalink embed parent

[-] palindromic-bob [score hidden] 15 minutes ago

don't know what the fuck to do with the fact I ended up front page
Meh, just relax.
permalink embed parent

[-] disarmed89 [score hidden] 16 minutes ago

Ra narthinnd

we do w "what_we we. must)
because’we cangy

ODERATORS

message the moderators

bossgalaga

Mason1 1987
kouhoutek
SecureThruObscure
AutoModerator
doc_daneeka
ELI5_Modteam

Moskaus0
Analtoast
Santi87 1
..and 28 more »
(<] e discussions in /r/explainlikeimfive x

34 points - 27 comments
ELIS: How do planes/subs know when missiles have
a 'lock'?
Statistic of the week

A mother with two children
at nursery needs to earn at
least £40,000 a year to make
any profit from going to work
(after deducting the costs

of childcare, travel and
pension contributions),
A salary of £60,000 would
leave her with £36 a day
after deductions. The
average woman in a full-time
job earns £24,202.

The Sunday Times

Statistic of the week

A mother with two children
at nursery needs to earn at
least £40,000 a year to make
any profit from going to work
(after deducting the costs

of childcare, travel and
pension contributions),
A salary of £60,000 would
leave her with £36 a day
after deductions. The
average woman in a full-time
job earns £24,202.

The Sunday Times

that gives th

Gal mimicry rather than ;

beneath the conceptual significatic

ton that is not simply translated b
separable from the m.The most imy

Not to commit to wri ts that
Writer h his own works and

thing that we

T the reader like
dimension to ow

This power of expression is well known in art, for example in mys
The musical signification of the sonata is inseparable fro ;
that carry it: prior to having heard it, no analy
it. Once the performance has co

is there through them and

the actress becomes invisible, and i

is Phaedra who appears. The signification absorbs the signs, ar

edra has so fully taken possession of Berma that her ecstasy in Phaedra
seems to us to be the pinnacle of naturalness and of facility,!5 Aesthetic
expression confers an existence in itself upon what it expresses, insalls
it in nature as a perceived thing accessible to everyone, or inversely “
the signs themselves — the actor’s person, the painter's colors wi
vas — from their empirical existence and steals them ayy fo ne
world. No one will object that here the expressive operation ee a
accomplishes the signification and is not merely a matter af soe shits
But despite appearances, the same is true for the scant }
by speech. Thought is nothing “inner,” nor does it eine ®
and outside of words. What tricks us here, what makes est the ae
thought that could exist for itself prior to eee recall!
constituted and already-sxpressed thoughts that »* can

Jieve #

qrousing
and which
speaker's
“represent
with a cert
the signifi
an explicit
too is my ti

that gives th

Gal mimicry rather than ;

beneath the conceptual significatic

ton that is not simply translated b
separable from the m.The most imy

Not to commit to wri ts that
Writer h his own works and

thing that we

T the reader like
dimension to ow

This power of expression is well known in art, for example in mys
The musical signification of the sonata is inseparable fro ;
that carry it: prior to having heard it, no analy
it. Once the performance has co

is there through them and

the actress becomes invisible, and i

is Phaedra who appears. The signification absorbs the signs, ar

edra has so fully taken possession of Berma that her ecstasy in Phaedra
seems to us to be the pinnacle of naturalness and of facility,!5 Aesthetic
expression confers an existence in itself upon what it expresses, insalls
it in nature as a perceived thing accessible to everyone, or inversely “
the signs themselves — the actor’s person, the painter's colors wi
vas — from their empirical existence and steals them ayy fo ne
world. No one will object that here the expressive operation ee a
accomplishes the signification and is not merely a matter af soe shits
But despite appearances, the same is true for the scant }
by speech. Thought is nothing “inner,” nor does it eine ®
and outside of words. What tricks us here, what makes est the ae
thought that could exist for itself prior to eee recall!
constituted and already-sxpressed thoughts that »* can

Jieve #

qrousing
and which
speaker's
“represent
with a cert
the signifi
an explicit
too is my ti

iPad = 5:59 PM © @ 100% G+

2 y Qe

emily nussbaum @emilynussbaum 5m |
Tambor gives a lovely speech, thanking everyone. Says

Jeff Bezos took his hand last night & said, "Call me Jeff

Bezos." LOL.

4 a 9 ya

Brendan Keogh @BRKeogh 6m
(Re)discovered the page of Merleau-Ponty's
Phenomenology of Perception that is essentially my thesis.

4 an ~ yi
Brendan Keogh @BRKeogh 5m
"This but for videogames" etc
4 an ~ i
4a 14 je 2

Notifications Moments Messages Me
iPad = 5:59 PM © @ 100% G+

2 y Qe

emily nussbaum @emilynussbaum 5m |
Tambor gives a lovely speech, thanking everyone. Says

Jeff Bezos took his hand last night & said, "Call me Jeff

Bezos." LOL.

4 a 9 ya

Brendan Keogh @BRKeogh 6m
(Re)discovered the page of Merleau-Ponty's
Phenomenology of Perception that is essentially my thesis.

4 an ~ yi
Brendan Keogh @BRKeogh 5m
"This but for videogames" etc
4 an ~ i
4a 14 je 2

Notifications Moments Messages Me
National Museum of African American History and Culture
Dedication Ceremony
Saturday, September 24, 2016

Prepared Remarks of The Honorable John G. Roberts, Jr.
Chancellor of the Smithsonian Institution
Chief Justice of the United States

Supreme Court cases such as Dred Scott v. Sandford, Plessy v. Ferguson, and
Brown v. Board of Education document shame and hope along the road to equal
justice under law. This museum is a place to learn what life was like for the brave
individuals who brought those fateful cases to the Court.

You can see the tragedy of Dred and Harriet Scott in the 1840s broadside
offering cash rewards for the return of fugitive slaves. Dred Scott had traveled
widely with his owner in the United States. He met and married Harriet in what is
now Minnesota. They had two daughters. When his owner died, Scott tried to
purchase his family’s freedom with money he had struggled to save. But the owner’s
widow turned him down. Only then did Scott go to court, with the Supreme Court
ruling that he and his family were not even persons under the Constitution.

+e 49:19 O14
National Museum of African American History and Culture
Dedication Ceremony
Saturday, September 24, 2016

Prepared Remarks of The Honorable John G. Roberts, Jr.
Chancellor of the Smithsonian Institution
Chief Justice of the United States

Supreme Court cases such as Dred Scott v. Sandford, Plessy v. Ferguson, and
Brown v. Board of Education document shame and hope along the road to equal
justice under law. This museum is a place to learn what life was like for the brave
individuals who brought those fateful cases to the Court.

You can see the tragedy of Dred and Harriet Scott in the 1840s broadside
offering cash rewards for the return of fugitive slaves. Dred Scott had traveled
widely with his owner in the United States. He met and married Harriet in what is
now Minnesota. They had two daughters. When his owner died, Scott tried to
purchase his family’s freedom with money he had struggled to save. But the owner’s
widow turned him down. Only then did Scott go to court, with the Supreme Court
ruling that he and his family were not even persons under the Constitution.

+e 49:19 O14
You can imagine the courage of Homer Plessy against the backdrop of the
full-size Pullman rail car on display. Homer Plessy was a fair-skinned man of mixed
racial ancestry. That is what enabled him to purchase a ticket for the whites-only,
first-class compartment. But when the conductor came to collect his ticket, Plessy

announced that, under Louisiana law, he was a black man. He bravely launched the
test case challenging Jim Crow laws—a test the Supreme Court would fail.

And you can grasp the wrenching dilemma Oliver and Leola Brown faced,
when you see the photograph of five young African-American women posing in front
of their segregated school. How do you balance hope for a better life for your young
daughter, against fear for her personal safety? Oliver and Leola Brown were people
of strong faith—he was an assistant pastor at his church. They made the choice to
enroll their daughter Linda in the whites-only school. And they, along with their
fellow plaintiffs, changed the world.

You can read Dred Scott v. Sandford, Plessy v. Ferguson, and Brown v. Board
of Education, and learn what the Court held. But if you want to know what the cases
were about, you need to meet Dred and Harriet Scott; Homer Plessy; and Oliver,
Leola, and Linda Brown. You can do that here.

& 49,19 vy 14 (YY)
You can imagine the courage of Homer Plessy against the backdrop of the
full-size Pullman rail car on display. Homer Plessy was a fair-skinned man of mixed
racial ancestry. That is what enabled him to purchase a ticket for the whites-only,
first-class compartment. But when the conductor came to collect his ticket, Plessy

announced that, under Louisiana law, he was a black man. He bravely launched the
test case challenging Jim Crow laws—a test the Supreme Court would fail.

And you can grasp the wrenching dilemma Oliver and Leola Brown faced,
when you see the photograph of five young African-American women posing in front
of their segregated school. How do you balance hope for a better life for your young
daughter, against fear for her personal safety? Oliver and Leola Brown were people
of strong faith—he was an assistant pastor at his church. They made the choice to
enroll their daughter Linda in the whites-only school. And they, along with their
fellow plaintiffs, changed the world.

You can read Dred Scott v. Sandford, Plessy v. Ferguson, and Brown v. Board
of Education, and learn what the Court held. But if you want to know what the cases
were about, you need to meet Dred and Harriet Scott; Homer Plessy; and Oliver,
Leola, and Linda Brown. You can do that here.

& 49,19 vy 14 (YY)
For us to ao a o young becomes ever more diffi-

cult. We see it as a duty and, at the same time, as a risk: the
risk of appearing anachronistic, of not being listened to. We
must be listened to: above and beyond our personal experi-
ences, we have collectively witnessed a fundamental, unex-
pected event, fundamental precisely because unexpected,
not foreseen by anyone. It took place in the teeth of all
forecasts; it happened in Europe; incredibly, it happened
that an entire civilized people, just issued from the fervid
cultural flowering of Weimar, followed a buffoon whose _
figure today inspires laughter, and yet Adolf Hitler wa
obeyed and his praises were sung right up to the catas
trophe. It happened, therefore it can happen again: this i (

the core of what we have to say.

For us to ao a o young becomes ever more diffi-

cult. We see it as a duty and, at the same time, as a risk: the
risk of appearing anachronistic, of not being listened to. We
must be listened to: above and beyond our personal experi-
ences, we have collectively witnessed a fundamental, unex-
pected event, fundamental precisely because unexpected,
not foreseen by anyone. It took place in the teeth of all
forecasts; it happened in Europe; incredibly, it happened
that an entire civilized people, just issued from the fervid
cultural flowering of Weimar, followed a buffoon whose _
figure today inspires laughter, and yet Adolf Hitler wa
obeyed and his praises were sung right up to the catas
trophe. It happened, therefore it can happen again: this i (

the core of what we have to say.

8:51 PM @ 55%}

Q Search Facebook iid John Vv

a

[Image description: On a gradient background, an Oddish quotes Murray
Bookchin: The belief that what currently exists must necessarily exist is the
acid that corrodes all visionary thinking.]

Trending

Santa Cruz Mountains
BREAKING: Firefighters Headed to Battle Fire
in Santa Cruz Mountains

The belief that what
currently exists must
necessarily exist is the
acid that corrodes all
visionary thinking.

Google Andromeda

Google might release a new laptop and
tablet that run on a completely new operati...

WhatsApp
Facebook Was Just Ordered to Stop
Collecting WhatsApp User Data in Germany

Requests Messenger Notifications More
8:51 PM @ 55% ma}

Q Search Facebook cA John v

[Image description: On a gradient background, an Oddish quotes Murray
Bookchin: The belief that what currently exists must necessarily exist is the Turn On Chat
acid that corrodes all visionary thinking.]

Trending

Santa Cruz Mountains
BREAKING: Firefighters Headed to Battle Fire
in Santa Cruz Mountains

The belief that what
currently exists must
necessarily exist is the
acid that corrodes all
visionary thinking.

Google Andromeda

Google might release a new laptop and
tablet that run on a completely new operati...

WhatsApp
Facebook Was Just Ordered to Stop
Collecting WhatsApp User Data in Germany

ews Feed Requests Messenger Notifications More
*¥ Skateboard academic Retweeted

Mark Reid, MD
@medicalaxioms

Student, you do not study to pass the test. You study to
prepare for the day when you are the only thing between
a patient and the grave.

1/31/16, 9:02 AM

2,654 RETWEETS 3,032 LIKES
*¥ Skateboard academic Retweeted

Mark Reid, MD
@medicalaxioms

Student, you do not study to pass the test. You study to
prepare for the day when you are the only thing between
a patient and the grave.

1/31/16, 9:02 AM

2,654 RETWEETS 3,032 LIKES
JUST ENOUGH uv

OME POLITICS US. MEDIA  SPORI LOGS NEWS WORLD VIDE |
- pus & a = &é q g | a 8 ~*~ 44
Pat Robertso Husbands Need To Boycott
{ F S ni V I " ' ¥ ' ae | i Wr’ os
«]} a @) ‘co } baal =) ' | «(t= h ~ ‘Ta
n Gi nef ul ww Xs wWElil fa nell vulivG if FI i , a we
q — us 4 = HI TL
annie pan aknmi go?
ianning to Vote For nmlllary
Moet ah

Written by Alex Stevan September 29th 2016 f SHARE THIS ON FACEBOOK

JUST ENOUGH uv

OME POLITICS US. MEDIA  SPORI LOGS NEWS WORLD VIDE |
- pus & a = &é q g | a 8 ~*~ 44
Pat Robertso Husbands Need To Boycott
{ F S ni V I " ' ¥ ' ae | i Wr’ os
«]} a @) ‘co } baal =) ' | «(t= h ~ ‘Ta
n Gi nef ul ww Xs wWElil fa nell vulivG if FI i , a we
q — us 4 = HI TL
annie pan aknmi go?
ianning to Vote For nmlllary
Moet ah

Written by Alex Stevan September 29th 2016 f SHARE THIS ON FACEBOOK

iPad + =<

6:57 PM

Tweet

t | @DailyPratchett

"They were, by their own standards, honest men, in that
they only did what they knew or suspected that
everyone else did."

10/17/16, 6:35 PM

f ¢ } The Daily Pratchett

19 RETWEETS 33 LIKES

4 4 ~

t

e a 5 i]

Home Notifications Moments Messages

Zhe

© 97%

QA
iPad 8:48 PM
& y
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT...

Piles sitting on my couch alone and crying while binge watching
Friends on Thanksgiving

Alvaro Bedoya @alvarombedoya: 12h
"The privileged... are processed more by people, the
masses by machines." ~@mathbabedotorg, Weapons of
Math Destruction.
bulk, and theyre cneap. 1 Nas part OF ule appeal. 1 1c wealuly,
by contrast, often benefit from personal input. A white-shoe law
firm or an exclusive prep school will lean far more on recommen-
dations and face-to-face interviews than will a fast-food chain or

a cash-strapped urban school district. The privileged, we'll see

time and again, are processed more by people, the masses by
mn i ae
~ Wysocki’s inability to find someone who could explain her ap-
palling score, too, is telling. Verdicts from WMDs land like dic-
tates from the algorithmic gods. The model itself is a black box
its contents a fiercely guarded Corporate secret. This allows si

sultants like Mathematica t
0 ch :
ES a tain 1 ate More, but it serves another

hex box 360 @UnburntWitch - 14h

ive asked the last 3 people i know who were about to meet
obama to ask him if he wants to be in an fmv game and you
have all disappointed me

e a 5 7] 2

Home Notifications Moments Messages

© 56% G+

QA
Le | Dan Miller & feeling enter
fw 4m @
mov

Aetna: Claim rejected because diagnosis code doesn't match gender. Me: |
have breast cancer, is that causing confusion? Aetna: What gender should
you be? Me: Ummm....really? Aetna: Let me place you on hold while |
research this a bit more.

10 minutes later.

Aetna: The diagnostic code is for genetic predisposition to breast or
ovarian cancer. Me: Do tell. Aetna: That's for females only. Me: Go on.
Aetna: You don't have ovaries, correct? Me: Not that | know of. Aetna: But
you're saying you've had breast cancer? Me: | think so. Unless my
oncologist is just screwing with me.

To be continued... Conversation is still ongoing as the nice Aetna rep finds
a supervisor to determine whether men can get breast cancer.

#malebreastcancer

4 1 G3

b<
Le | Dan Miller & feeling enter
fw 4m @
mov

Aetna: Claim rejected because diagnosis code doesn't match gender. Me: |
have breast cancer, is that causing confusion? Aetna: What gender should
you be? Me: Ummm....really? Aetna: Let me place you on hold while |
research this a bit more.

10 minutes later.

Aetna: The diagnostic code is for genetic predisposition to breast or
ovarian cancer. Me: Do tell. Aetna: That's for females only. Me: Go on.
Aetna: You don't have ovaries, correct? Me: Not that | know of. Aetna: But
you're saying you've had breast cancer? Me: | think so. Unless my
oncologist is just screwing with me.

To be continued... Conversation is still ongoing as the nice Aetna rep finds
a supervisor to determine whether men can get breast cancer.

#malebreastcancer

4 1 G3

b<
When nonviolence is preached as an attempt to evade the repercussions of

political brutality, it betrays itself. When nonviolence begins halfway through the
war with the aggressor calling time out, it exposes itself as a ruse. When
nonviolence is preached by the representatives of the state, while the state doles
out heaps of violence to its citizens, it reveals itself to be a con. And none of this
can mean that rioting or violence is "correct" or "wise," any more than a forest
fire can be "correct" or "wise." Wisdom isn't the point tonight. Disrespect is. In
this case, disrespect for the hollow law and failed order that so regularly

disrespects the rioters themselves.

921 RETWEETS 747 FAVORITES
iPad > 4:46 AM © 51%@ >

e: Q4

#2 William Gibson Retweeted

Elizabeth Plank @feministabulous : 1d

You know you live in the patriarchy when writing about
fashion disqualifies you from writing about politics but
writing about sports doesn't

vies Anatoly Shashkin [&] @dosnostalgic- 19m
In my life I've seen failure of communism, and failure of
capitalism. Maybe one day we'll learn to stick together, but
| fucking doubt it.

Moon Shot Bot @moonshotbot : 21m

| 09
Apollo 7 Hasselblad image from film magazine 4/N - Earth
Orbit
| am ve |
e 4 5 je x
Home Notifications Moments Messages Me
‘The trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends
most of one's time defending scoundrels. For it is against
scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed, and oppression
must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all."
--H. L Mencken (quoted by Chris Soghoian)
"The trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends
most of one’s time defending scoundrels. For it is against
scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed, and oppression
must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all."
--H. L Mencken (quoted by Chris Soghoian)
@ 14%1_)

ET
fs John v
es

go e power to lynch me, thats my probiem. Racism Is not a...

If a white man wants to voc

me, that's his problem. If he's
got the power to lynch me, that's
my problem. Racism is not a
question of attitude; it's a
question of power. Racism gets
its power from capitalism. Thus,
if you're anti-racist, whether you
know it or not, you must be anti-
capitalist.

Trieste Fizzy Devlin
ACTIVE 9H AGO

Ali DeMoro
ACTIVE 4M AGO

Tim Buonagurio
ACTIVE 10M AGO

Sherol Chen
ONLINE NOW

O66 ©

See More

Trending

™ Danny Dyer
4.2K people talking about this

™ Resident Evil 7
58K people talking about this

™ Fort Lauderdale—-Hollywood Inter...
610K people talking about this

News Feed Requests Messenge! Notifications More
S 14% 1 _)

ET
F's John v
lll

go e power to lynch me, thats my probiem. Racism Is not a...

If a white man wants to vnc =) Trieste Fizzy Devlin

me, that's his problem. If he's AES ACO
got the power to lynch me, that's Se Ali DeMoro
my problem. Racism is not a ACTIVE SMRGO
question of attitude; it's a
question of power. Racism gets
its power from capitalism. Thus,
if you're anti-racist, whether you
know it or not, you must be anti-
capitalist.

Tim Buonagurio
~ ACTIVE 10M AGO

re) Sherol Chen
C)

ONLINE NOW

See More

Trending

™ Danny Dyer
4.2K people talking about this

™ Resident Evil 7
58K people talking about this

/™ Fort Lauderdale—-Hollywood Inter...
610K people talking about this

News Feed Rec

Notifications More

8 Dina/Alex *:
; / SkulldelaCreme

You can't force people to live under
capitalism which equates your
worth to how much you own, then
not understand property damage as
protest

~

953 1,413

Americans Against the Libertarian Party

Like Comment

¥ Dina/Alex *-
; J @SkulldelaCreme

You can't force people to live under
capitalism which equates your
worth to how much you own, then
not understand property damage as
protest

>

953 1,413

Americans Against the Libertarian Party

Like Comment

Search eeo0o LTE 4:34 PM @ 7 @ % 54% G+

| keep seeing variations on "first they
came for the Muslims" and it bugs me a bit
bc | feel like its more like "first they came
for the Black children, and we let them
lock them up. Then they came for the

unions, and we dissolved them. Then they
came for the intellectuals and secularists,
and we kicked them out of the
government. Then they came for the
muslims and we were finally like whoahhhh
real nazi shit"

Search eeo0o LTE 4:34 PM @ 7 @ % 54% G+

| keep seeing variations on "first they
came for the Muslims" and it bugs me a bit
bc | feel like its more like "first they came
for the Black children, and we let them
lock them up. Then they came for the

unions, and we dissolved them. Then they
came for the intellectuals and secularists,
and we kicked them out of the
government. Then they came for the
muslims and we were finally like whoahhhh
real nazi shit"

e« , Stuck on Wolfenstein: The Old as

Ce Blood (self.FULLCOMMUNISM) 421

4} 49 comments FULLCOMMUNISM Vv
4 days ago by RhinelandBasterd

This game is too damn hard and | can't get past
the first level. The enemies won't listen to my
reasoned discourse on why their ideology is
flawed and just shoot me to death. | have a lot

of weapons at my disposal, but killing the nazis
would make me as bad as them. Does anyone
have links to a walkthrough that would allow me
to keep the moral high ground?

414 #2 1,252 @ 1,668 ~~]
e« , Stuck on Wolfenstein: The Old as

Ce Blood (self.FULLCOMMUNISM) 421

4} 49 comments FULLCOMMUNISM Vv
4 days ago by RhinelandBasterd

This game is too damn hard and | can't get past
the first level. The enemies won't listen to my
reasoned discourse on why their ideology is
flawed and just shoot me to death. | have a lot

of weapons at my disposal, but killing the nazis
would make me as bad as them. Does anyone
have links to a walkthrough that would allow me
to keep the moral high ground?

414 #2 1,252 @ 1,668 ~~]
ae Lhe way a government
wtreats refugees is very
: » instructive because
,, it shows you how
> they would treat
4 the rest of us if they
ails 4 y thought they could
- ¢ get away with it.”
Tony Benn

49 4,156
we Lhe way a government
“as feats refugees is very

"A instructive because

2 ,, it shows you how

“ they would treat

" the rest of us if they

a) , | i thought they could
> | get away with it.”

Tony Benn

49 4,156
iPad + 12:58 PM © 72%!)

< Tweet Zz

Elizabeth Sampat @
@twoscooters

| would like to marry Mallory Ortberg, please

Q. Hate the house rules: What are your thoughts on people who have “house
rules” for commonly played board or card games? My in-laws have some for Gin
Rummy that are terribly irritating, and people all seem to have their own rules
for Monopoly. Am | allowed to insist on the real rules being played at my own

house? | hate to be a stickler, but who just makes up rules for board games?

A: All rules for board games are made up. All games were, at some point, made
up; there is no natural, immutable way to play Gin Rummy. The original rules of
Monopoly only exist because someone in the early 1900s wanted to explain the
tax theories of Henry George via a board game; there is no objective version of
Monopoly. Moreover, the worst sort of argument one can have with relatives is
one where the stakes are low but the sense of grievance is high. You will likely
never convince your in-laws that their game rules are irritating, no matter how
passionately you argue your case. Cheerfully embrace your in-laws’ ridiculous
house rules (or politely decline to play and read a book instead), and feel free to
make up your own rules at home, although if you find yourself at a point where
every time you play a game you have to insist that everyone else follow “the real

rules,” you might want to do something besides play board games with your

Reply to Elizabeth Sampat

@ Q 4 Ra

Home Explore Notifications Messages

Zhe
Cities are not people. But, like people, cities have their own

s: in some cases one city has many different
personalities — there are a dozen Londons, a crowd of
different New Yorks.

A city is a collection of lives and buildings, and it has
identity and personality. Cities exist in location, and in time.

There are good cities — the ones that welcome you, that
seem to care about you, that seem pleased you're in them.
There are indifferent cities — the ones that honestly don't
care if you're there or not; cities with their own agendas, the
ones that ignore people. There are cities gone bad, and
there are places in otherwise healthy cities as rotten and
maggotty as windfall apples. There are even cities that
seem lost — some, lacking a centre, feel like they would be
happier being elsewhere, somewhere smaller, somewhere
easier to understand.

Some cities spread, like cancers or B-movie slime
monsters, devouring all in their way, absorbing towns and
lages, swallowing boroughs and hamlets, transmuting
0 boundless conurbations. Other cities shrink — once
prosperous areas empty and fail: buildings empty, windows
are boarded up, people leave, and sometimes they cannot
even tell you why.

Occasionally | idle time away by wondering what cities
would be like, were they people. Manhattan is, in my head,
fasttalking, untrusting, well-dressed but unshaven. London
is huge and confused. Paris is elegant and attractive, older
than she looks. San Francisco is crazy, but harmless, and

very friendly.

It's a foolish game: cities aren't people.

Cities exist in location, and they exist in time. Cities
accumulate their personalities as time goes by. Manhattan
remembers when it was unfashionable farmland. Athens
remembers the days when there were those who considered
themselves Athenians. There are cities that remember being
villages. Other cities — currently bland, devoid of personality
— are prepared to wait until they have history. Few cities are
proud: they know that it's all too often a happy accident, a
mere geographical fluke that they exist at all —a

harbour, a mountain pass, the confluence of two rivers.

At present. cities stay where they are.
For now cities sleep.

But there are rumblings. Things change. And what if,
tommorrow cities wake, and go walking? If Tokyo engulfed
your town? If Vienna came striding over the hill toword you?
If the city you inhabit today just upped and left, and you
woke tommorrow wrapped in a thin blanket on an empty
plain, where Detroit once stood, or Sydney, or Moscow?

Don't ever take a city for granted.

After all, itis bigger than you are; itis older; and ithas
learned how to wait...

iPad >

1:07 PM

v

urity apparatus. He chose the |

44 49 59 ~ Ba

#2 Darran Anderson Retweeted
Hazel Southwell @adjaruli - 47m v
cc. @Oniropolis

Gray @ @gray

"Cities are not people" — an essay by @neilhimself,
hidden in the SimCity 2000 library.

Cities are not people. But like people, cities have their own |
personalities: in some cases one city has many different
personalities ~ there are a dozen Londons, a crowd of,
different New Yorks.

Accity is a collection of lives and buildings, and it has
identity and personality. Cities exist in location, and in time.

There are good cities ~ the ones that welcome you, that
‘seem to care about you, that seem pleased you're in them.
There are indifferent cities ~ the ones that honestly don't
care if you're there or not cities with their own agendas, the
‘ones that ignore people. There are cities gone bad, and
there are places in otherwise healthy cities as rotten and,
}gotty as windfall a Ve
‘seem lost~ some, lacking a centre, feel like they would be
tappler being elsewhere, somewhere smalir, somewhere

‘Some cities spread, like cancers or B-movie slime

prosperous areas empty and pty.
‘are boarded up, people leave, and sometimes they cannot
‘even tell you why.

Occasionally lidle time away by wondering what cities
be i

is huge and confused. Paris is elegant and attractive, older
‘than she looks. San Francisco is crazy, but harmless, and.
very friendly.

W's a foolish game: cities aren't people.

4 4 @ i

¢#_ In replv to David Graeber

e 5 ya 2

Home Notifications Moments Messages Me

© 100% =

QA
"The idea of sexual shame shifts all
over the world, which is refreshing
for us because that shame is not set
in stone. These ideas are movable.
They change and they shift. Even if
they are lurching backwards now for
certain reproductive rights, they will

move forward again. This is in spite
of a certain orange spunk trumpet in
Washington."

KATE LISTER,
ON THE HISTORY OF SHAME

EXPLOREMORESUMMIT.COM

"The idea of sexual shame shifts all
over the world, which is refreshing
for us because that shame is not set
in stone. These ideas are movable.
They change and they shift. Even if
they are lurching backwards now for
certain reproductive rights, they will

move forward again. This is in spite
of a certain orange spunk trumpet in
Washington."

KATE L161 ER,
ON THE HISTORY OF SHAME

EXPLOREMORESUMMIT.COM

“We got a lot of phone calls ‘ h
and letters, probably more ff \
than any other episode ,
| can recall.
Interestingly, most of the
phone calls were negative,
while most of the letters were

One that | will always re-
member was a call that one
of our p.a.s took.

Aman said,
"You're ruining my kids by
making them watch two
women kiss like that.’

And our p.a. said,
‘Let me ask you a question.
Would you have been okay
if one of the women had
shot the other to death with
a phaser and the kids
watched that?’

And he said,
"Yes, of course.’

And the p.a. said,
‘Well, maybe you'd better
think about who it is that

is ruining your kids."

/,2
am

“Nice young guy asks me if we have controller
support and | immediately go into my pre canned
response that we are PC first and that keyboard

mouse are pretty easy to learn at which point he
holds up his lack of a hand and shrugs”

Cliff Bleszinski, Bosskey

43 4 25 @ 29 ]
“It's not about giving the gamer what YOU think they
want. The killing, the garish things, etc. The players don't
actually want that. They come back to.the game for the
subtleties. The details, that they imagine nobody has
noticed before. Something they have fallen in love with.
They are not looking for a story that tells them who they
are, they already know who they are. They are here
because they want a glimpse of who they could
become.” - Westworld

“It's not about giving the gamer what YOU think they
want. The killing, the garish things, etc. The players don't
actually want that. They come back to.the game for the
subtleties. The details, that they imagine nobody has
noticed before. Something they have fallen in love with.
They are not looking for a story that tells them who they
are, they already know who they are. They are here
because they want a glimpse of who they could
become.” - Westworld

If a white man wants to lynch me,
that's his problem. If he’s got the
power to lynch me, that’s my
problem. Racism is not a question of
attitude; it’s a question of power.

j

Stokely Carmichael

AZ QUOTES

If a white man wants to lynch me,
that's his problem. If he’s got the
power to lynch me, that’s my
problem. Racism is not a question of
attitude; it’s a question of power.

j

Stokely Carmichael

AZ QUOTES

Andrew Jackson

I'm not religious. But I'm here to defend
Bryce. He's right. Transgenders are
disgusting, revolting freaks, and are hated by
most people in society including myself. |
don't even view you as human, and wouldn't
care If you were wiped off the face of the
Earth. A man's biggest fear IS that his date
turns out to be transgender... Personally |
would beat the shit out of my date if that
happened. I'm happy transgender people are
assaulted and murdered, and | hope it
continues to happen with more frequency.

4 72 4 187 @ 296 ]
Andrew Jackson

I'm not religious. But I'm here to defend
Bryce. He's right. Transgenders are
disgusting, revolting freaks, and are hated by
most people in society including myself. |
don't even view you as human, and wouldn't
care if you were wiped off the face of the
Earth. A man's biggest fear IS that his date
turns out to be transgender... Personally |
would beat the shit out of my date if that
happened. I'm happy transgender people are
assaulted and murdered, and | hope it
continues to happen with more frequency.

4 72 42) 187 @ 296 ]
Fey) Happiness Heroes Vv
Nm Yesterday at 11:31 AM

f

We deal with such things as — asthe inner drama
of childhood. We don't have to bop somebody over

22 the head togmake drama onthe screer.. «0

In 1969, Mr. Rogers gave the following emotional plea to a Senate... See More

@98 81.3 5.1K Comments 143K Shares 9M Views

1@@ Like @B Comment @ Share
Rey Happiness Heroes Vv
Wm Yesterday at 11:31 AM

We deal with such things as — asthe inner drama
of childhood. We don't have to bop somebody over

22 the head togmake drama onthe screere. «0

In 1969, Mr. Rogers gave the following emotional plea to a Senate... See More

@9B 81.3 5.1K Comments 143K Shares 9M Views

1@@ Like @B Comment @ Share
Fey) Happiness Heroes Vv
Nm Yesterday at 11:31 AM

We deal with such things as getting @haircut, or the
feelings about brothers and sisters, and the kind of

-wanger that arises in-simple family situations. +.

In 1969, Mr. Rogers gave the following emotional plea to a Senate... See More

@98 81.3 5.1K Comments 143K Shares 9M Views

1@@ Like @B Comment @ Share
Rey Happiness Heroes Vv
Nm Yesterday at 11:31 AM

We deal with such things as getting @haircut, or the
feelings about brothers and sisters, and the kind of

-oanger that arises in- simple family situations. +.

In 1969, Mr. Rogers gave the following emotional plea to a Senate... See More

@9B 81.3 5.1K Comments 143K Shares 9M Views

1@@ Like @B Comment @ Share
“We should do away with the absolutely specious notion that
everybody has to earn a living. It is a fact today that one
in ten thousand of us can make a technological breakthrough
capable of supporting all the rest. The youth of today are
absolutely right in recognizing this nonsense of earning a living.
We keep inventing jobs because of this false idea that everybody
has to be employed at some kind of drudgery because, according

to Malthusian Darwinian theory he must justify his right
to exist. So we have inspectors of inspectors and
people making instruments for inspectors to
inspect inspectors. The true business of people
should be to go back to school and think about
whatever it was they were thinking about before
somebody came along and told them they had

\ to earn a living.”

- Buckminster Fuller
Never use a metaphor, simile or other figure of speech

which you are used to seeing in print.

. Never use a long word where a short one will do.

. If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out.

Never use the passive where you can use the active.
Never use a foreign phrase, a scientific word or a jargon
word if you can think of an everyday English equivalent.

Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright

barbarous.

Never use a metaphor, simile or other figure of speech

which you are used to seeing in print.

. Never use a long word where a short one will do.

. If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out.

Never use the passive where you can use the active.
Never use a foreign phrase, a scientific word or a jargon
word if you can think of an everyday English equivalent.

Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright

barbarous.

es Chairman of the Board, Peter

Brabeck, has explained his philosophy
with "The one opinion, which | think is
extreme, is represented by the NGOs,
who bang on about declaring water a
public right. That means as a human
being you should have a right to
water. That's an extreme solution."|

ee Chairman of the Board, Peter

Brabeck, has explained his philosophy
with "The one opinion, which | think is
extreme, is represented by the NGOs,

who bang on about declaring water a
public right. That means as a human
being you should have a right to
water. That's an extreme solution."|

He ‘yelled ‘Get out of my
country, witnesses say, and

then shot 2 men from India,
killing one

He ‘yelled ‘Get out of my
country, witnesses say, and

then shot 2 men from India,
killing one

Jason Nelson

' | 5 i )>-1\141 DAA >
\ j 7 / ) A
\ IZ al ZeVUi FV ° es

Protesters don't block traffic to gain your
support. They do it so you can see what if
feels like to be stuck in a powerless situation.
How do you respond to this situation? Are
you calm and peaceful? Do you want to
spend years organizing political talks about
it? Nope, you want to run those protesters
over, kill them, kill them all. If you want to kill
protesters who have you stuck in traffic,
imagine what you would want to do to a
system that patrols, harasses and kills you.
The sooner you learn perspective the sooner
you won't have to be stuck in traffic.

iPad > 6:53 PM G ©} 32% 04

< Tweet +f

is ileal 1, alia i ileal cw

@ MOOMANIBE and 3 others liked

Liz England
@lizardengland

Belief: In Scribblenauts the objects were all data driven
& relied on inheritances, systems.

Reality: hand authored 1 by 1 & lots of crunch

6/19/17, 6:24 PM

19 Retweets 41 Likes

©) cal ) 8

Liz England @lizardengland: 27m
Replying to @lizardengland
The belief that it's all systems lets players interpret more

intelligence to the game than really exists. "Mythmaking"
perhaps.

O6 2 Os 8
— Liz England @lizardengland: 25m

Tweet your reply

a Q ja 8

Do
While in Victorian Manchester, Friedrich Engels struggled to name the crime
visited on children whose limbs were mangled by factory machines, or whose
parents were killed in unsafe homes. Murder and manslaughter were committed
by individuals, but these atrocities were something else: what he called social
murder. “When society places hundreds of proletarians in such a position that
they inevitably meet a too early and an unnatural death, one which is quite as
much a death by violence as that by the sword or bullet; its deed is murder just as
surely as the deed of the single individual,” he wrote in 1845, in The Condition of
the Working Class in England.

Over 170 years later, Britain remains a country that murders its poor. When four
separate government ministers are warned that Grenfell and other high rises are a
serious fire risk, then an inferno isn’t unfortunate. It is inevitable. Those dozens
of Grenfell residents didn’t die: they were killed. What happened last week wasn’t
a “terrible tragedy” or some other studio-sofa platitude: it was social murder.

While in Victorian Manchester, Friedrich Engels struggled to name the crime
visited on children whose limbs were mangled by factory machines, or whose
parents were killed in unsafe homes. Murder and manslaughter were committed
by individuals, but these atrocities were something else: what he called social
murder. “When society places hundreds of proletarians in such a position that
they inevitably meet a too early and an unnatural death, one which is quite as
much a death by violence as that by the sword or bullet; its deed is murder just as
surely as the deed of the single individual,” he wrote in 1845, in The Condition of
the Working Class in England.

Over 170 years later, Britain remains a country that murders its poor. When four
separate government ministers are warned that Grenfell and other high rises are a
serious fire risk, then an inferno isn’t unfortunate. It is inevitable. Those dozens
of Grenfell residents didn’t die: they were killed. What happened last week wasn’t
a “terrible tragedy” or some other studio-sofa platitude: it was social murder.

Protesters don't block traffic to gain your
support. They do it so you can see what if
feels like to be stuck in a powerless situation.
How do you respond to this situation? Are
you calm and peaceful? Do you want to
spend years organizing political talks about
it? Nope, you want to run those protesters
over, kill them, kill them all. If you want to kill
protesters who have you stuck in traffic,
imagine what you would want to do to a
system that patrols, harasses and kills you.
The sooner you learn perspective the sooner
you won't have to be stuck in traffic.

Protesters don't block traffic to gain your
support. They do it so you can see what if
feels like to be stuck in a powerless situation.
How do you respond to this situation? Are
you calm and peaceful? Do you want to
spend years organizing political talks about
it? Nope, you want to run those protesters
over, kill them, kill them all. If you want to kill
protesters who have you stuck in traffic,
imagine what you would want to do to a
system that patrols, harasses and kills you.
The sooner you learn perspective the sooner
you won't have to be stuck in traffic.

Astrophysicist Brian Schimdt was once
stopped by airport officials on his euay
to North Dakota 3

| ize—a half-pound
gold disk that showed up as completely
black on the security scanners.
“Uhhhh. Who gave this to you?” they
said. “The King of Sweden,” he
replied. “Why did he give this to you?,”
they probed. “Because I helped
discover the expansion rate of the
universe was accelerating.”

Astrophysicist Brian Schimdt was once
stopped by airport officials on his euay
to North Dakota 3

| ize—a half-pound
gold disk that showed up as completely
black on the security scanners.
“Uhhhh. Who gave this to you?” they
said. “The King of Sweden,” he
replied. “Why did he give this to you?,”
they probed. “Because I helped
discover the expansion rate of the
universe was accelerating.”

PEOPLE WHO THINK WE NEED “STRAIGWY
PRIDE PARADES" OR A“WHITEWISTORN
MONTH” ARE KINDA LIKE PEOPLEWHO\QOK
AT HANDICAPPED PARKING SPACES AND SIN
“WHY DON'T GET SOMETHING LIKE TAN,
HUH?"... THEY DONT CARE WHY TTEXISYS,

THEY DON'T CARE THAT THEY GEA TALS.
PARKING LOT, THEY'RE JUST MAD WAN

THERE'S 4 SPACES INFRONT OF WN.
WAL MART THAT ARENT US\VORTNR.

- CHRISTOPHER WALKER
PEOPLE WHO THINK WE NEED “STRAGM
PRIDE PARADES" OR A“WHITE WISTORN
MONTH” ARE KINDA LIKE PEOPLEWHO\QOK
AT HANDICAPPED PARKING SPACES AND SIN
“WHY DON'T GET SOMETHING LIKE TAN,
HUH?"... THEY DONT CARE WHY EXSY,

THEY DON'T CARE THAT THEY GET THEO.
PARKING LOT, THEY'RE JUST MAD WAN

THERE'S 4 SPACES INFRONT OF NK.
WAL MART THAT ARENT SU TORN.

-GHRISTOPHER WALKER
Maybe it began in the late fifteenth century, the weaponry of
war to blame. With the invention of the iron cannonball, cities could
no longer rely on moats and modest ramparts to fend off attack.
Complicated systems of defense had to be constructed and cities had
to grow vertically behind high walls. Old Geneva and Paris saw tene-
ments climb six stories. Edinburgh boasted of tenements twice as
high. While agrarian families were driven from the land to increas-
ingly congested cities, the competition for space drove up land val-
ues and rents. Urban landlords quickly realized that piles of money
could be made by creating slums: “maximum profits came, not from
providing first-class accommodations for those who could well afford
them...but from crowded slum accommodations, for those whose
pennies were scarcer than the rich man’s pounds.”!* Beginning in the
sixteenth century, slum housing would be reserved not only for out-
casts, beggars, and thieves but for a large segment of the population.

During its rapid period of urbanization, America imported this
model. Colonial proprietors adopted the institutions and laws of
England’s landed gentry, including the doctrine of absolute liability
for rent, which held tenants unequivocally responsible for payments
even in the event of fire or flood. Throughout the eighteenth and
nineteenth centuries, America’s poor lived in cellars, attics, cattle
sheds, and windowless rooms that held multiple families.'* Some
slums were cut off from basic municipal services and local wells; so
families begged for water in other parts of town.'* Rents continued
to rise as living conditions deteriorated. Soon, many families could
not afford their housing. When this happened, landlords could sum-

Maybe it began in the late fifteenth century, the weaponry of
war to blame. With the invention of the iron cannonball, cities could
no longer rely on moats and modest ramparts to fend off attack.
Complicated systems of defense had to be constructed and cities had
to grow vertically behind high walls. Old Geneva and Paris saw tene-
ments climb six stories. Edinburgh boasted of tenements twice as
high. While agrarian families were driven from the land to increas-
ingly congested cities, the competition for space drove up land val-
ues and rents. Urban landlords quickly realized that piles of money
could be made by creating slums: “maximum profits came, not from
providing first-class accommodations for those who could well afford
them...but from crowded slum accommodations, for those whose
pennies were scarcer than the rich man’s pounds.”!* Beginning in the
sixteenth century, slum housing would be reserved not only for out-
casts, beggars, and thieves but for a large segment of the population.

During its rapid period of urbanization, America imported this
model. Colonial proprietors adopted the institutions and laws of
England’s landed gentry, including the doctrine of absolute liability
for rent, which held tenants unequivocally responsible for payments
even in the event of fire or flood. Throughout the eighteenth and
nineteenth centuries, America’s poor lived in cellars, attics, cattle
sheds, and windowless rooms that held multiple families.'* Some
slums were cut off from basic municipal services and local wells; so
families begged for water in other parts of town.'* Rents continued
to rise as living conditions deteriorated. Soon, many families could
not afford their housing. When this happened, landlords could sum-

mon the “privilege of distress,” which entitled them to seize and sell
tenants’ property to recover lost profit, a practice that persisted well
into the twentieth century.!>

Racial oppression enabled land exploitation on a massive scale.
During slavery, black slaves pulled profit from the dirt but had no
claim to the land. After the Civil War, freed slaves saw in landown-
ership the possibility of true liberation, but during Reconstruction
wealthy whites maintained a virtual monopoly on the soil as lands
seized from or abandoned by Confederates were restored to their
original owners. Returning to plantations as sharecroppers, black
families descended into a cycle of subsistence farming and debt,
while white planters continued to grow rich.!° The slave shacks
stood, and so did the plantation mansions.

In the early decades of the twentieth century, African-Ameri-
can families seeking freedom and good jobs participated in the
Great Migration, moving en masse from the rural South to cities like
Chicago, Philadelphia, and Milwaukee. When they arrived in those
cities, they were crowded into urban ghettos, and the vast majority
depended on landlords for housing.'’ Ghetto landlords had a segre-
gated and captive tenant base and had nothing to gain by improving
their run-down houses. They began dividing their properties into
small “kitchenette” units, throwing up so many plywood walls their
apartments resembled “rabbit warrens.” Many houses lacked heating
and complete plumbing. So black families cooked and ate in winter
coats and relieved themselves in outhouses or homemade toilets.'*
They came to know well the sound of the tuberculosis cough. In
1930, the death rate for Milwaukee’s blacks was nearly 60 percent
higher than the citywide rate, due in large part to poor housing con-
ditions.'° For the first time in the history of America, New Deal

T)7 © 19

mon the “privilege of distress,” which entitled them to seize and sell
tenants’ property to recover lost profit, a practice that persisted well
into the twentieth century.!>

Racial oppression enabled land exploitation on a massive scale.
During slavery, black slaves pulled profit from the dirt but had no
claim to the land. After the Civil War, freed slaves saw in landown-
ership the possibility of true liberation, but during Reconstruction
wealthy whites maintained a virtual monopoly on the soil as lands
seized from or abandoned by Confederates were restored to their
original owners. Returning to plantations as sharecroppers, black
families descended into a cycle of subsistence farming and debt,
while white planters continued to grow rich.!° The slave shacks
stood, and so did the plantation mansions.

In the early decades of the twentieth century, African-Ameri-
can families seeking freedom and good jobs participated in the
Great Migration, moving en masse from the rural South to cities like
Chicago, Philadelphia, and Milwaukee. When they arrived in those
cities, they were crowded into urban ghettos, and the vast majority
depended on landlords for housing.'’ Ghetto landlords had a segre-
gated and captive tenant base and had nothing to gain by improving
their run-down houses. They began dividing their properties into
small “kitchenette” units, throwing up so many plywood walls their
apartments resembled “rabbit warrens.” Many houses lacked heating
and complete plumbing. So black families cooked and ate in winter
coats and relieved themselves in outhouses or homemade toilets.'*
They came to know well the sound of the tuberculosis cough. In
1930, the death rate for Milwaukee’s blacks was nearly 60 percent
higher than the citywide rate, due in large part to poor housing con-
ditions.'° For the first time in the history of America, New Deal

T)7 © 19

The project to uncover gender in science is not and should not
be viewed as antiscientific. It is no longer fashionable to argue that
science is value neutral, but many are still led to believe that scien-
tists simply decipher laws from the great encrypted book of nature.
Nature, after all, is infinitely rich, and there is much we do not know
about it. What we do know is influenced by our history and our val-
ues. Science is a product of society. The goal of uncovering how
gender influences the structure and polity of science extends the
process of critique that persuades us to affirm certain knowledge
and practices over others by rendering conscious the unconscious
in Our assumptions, priorities, and methods.

The project to uncover gender in science is not and should not
be viewed as antiscientific. It is no longer fashionable to argue that
science is value neutral, but many are still led to believe that scien-
tists simply decipher laws from the great encrypted book of nature.
Nature, after all, is infinitely rich, and there is much we do not know
about it. What we do know is influenced by our history and our val-
ues. Science is a product of society. The goal of uncovering how
gender influences the structure and polity of science extends the
process of critique that persuades us to affirm certain knowledge
and practices over others by rendering conscious the unconscious
in Our assumptions, priorities, and methods.

iPad = 4:14 PM © 0 44%m>
& Home %
@ = Naomi Klein on Trump, neoliberalism and why the left has
failed - books podcast

Naomi Klein on Trump, neoliberalism
and why the left has failed - books po...

theguardian.com

© 40 |

_ Danya G @allergyPhD - 31m

) In every BISR class, the question of "is it antiscience to talk
about how sci isn't perfect?" comes up. Answering with
Schiebinger in future

‘project to uncover gender in science is not and should not
das antiscientific. It is no longer fashionable to argue that
s value neutral, but many are still led to believe that scien-
dly decipher laws from the great encrypted book of nature.
ifter all, is infinitely rich, and there is much we do not know
What we do know is influenced by our history and our val-
ance as a product of society. The goal of uncovering how

ences the structure and polity of science extends the
ie that persuades us to affirm certain knowledge
others by rendering conscious the unconscious
ons, priorities, and methods.

O11 M1 Os 8

1 more reply
@®, DanvaG @alleravPhD - 25m

a Q ja 8

Do
iPad = 4:14 PM © 0 44%m>
& Home %
@ = Naomi Klein on Trump, neoliberalism and why the left has
failed - books podcast

Naomi Klein on Trump, neoliberalism
and why the left has failed - books po...

theguardian.com

© 40 |

_ Danya G @allergyPhD - 31m

) In every BISR class, the question of "is it antiscience to talk
about how sci isn't perfect?" comes up. Answering with
Schiebinger in future

‘project to uncover gender in science is not and should not
das antiscientific. It is no longer fashionable to argue that
s value neutral, but many are still led to believe that scien-
dly decipher laws from the great encrypted book of nature.
ifter all, is infinitely rich, and there is much we do not know
What we do know is influenced by our history and our val-
ance as a product of society. The goal of uncovering how

ences the structure and polity of science extends the
ie that persuades us to affirm certain knowledge
others by rendering conscious the unconscious
ons, priorities, and methods.

O11 M1 Os 8

1 more reply
@®, DanvaG @alleravPhD - 25m

a Q ja 8

Do
I'll say it again.

Men don't get to decide what's misogynistic. Straight
people don't get to decide what's homophobic. White
people don't get to decide what's racist. Christians don't
get to decide what's anti-Semitic or Islamophobic. Abled
and neurotypical people don't get to decide what's ableist.
Cis people don't get to decide what's transphobic. Rich
people don't get to decide what's classist.

Bottom line: people in positions of privilege don't get to
define oppression. If we allow them to do so, minorities
and disadvantaged populations lose their voice and their
interests get pushed aside as unsubstantiated demands.
Activism loses momentum and our society becomes
increasingly regressive.

When an oppressed groups speaks, we need to listen.
That's how we create a progressive society: a community
that recognises the need for and actively supports positive
change.

I'll say it again.

Men don't get to decide what's misogynistic. Straight
people don't get to decide what's homophobic. White
people don't get to decide what's racist. Christians don't
get to decide what's anti-Semitic or Islamophobic. Abled
and neurotypical people don't get to decide what's ableist.
Cis people don't get to decide what's transphobic. Rich
people don't get to decide what's classist.

Bottom line: people in positions of privilege don't get to
define oppression. If we allow them to do so, minorities
and disadvantaged populations lose their voice and their
interests get pushed aside as unsubstantiated demands.
Activism loses momentum and our society becomes
increasingly regressive.

When an oppressed groups speaks, we need to listen.
That's how we create a progressive society: a community
that recognises the need for and actively supports positive
change.

iPad > 2:29 AM © 0 76% am)

< Tweet +f

> Josh Marshall @
I" @joshtpm

Notable that abroad, particularly in authroritarian
countries, ‘liberals’ always refers to the political
grouping that believes in ...

7/6/17, 2:24 AM
10 Retweets 20 Likes
9) ta iy) a)

*) Josh Marshall @ @joshtpm-2m
Replying to @joshtpm
2/ basic humans freedoms, the rule of law, democratic
process, free speech and labor rights, reformist economic
policies.

On te © 32 |

*% Josh Marshall @ @joshtpm- 1m
: 3/ This is not a bad place to start, particularly in this era.

1o) 3 Ow 8

Tweet your reply

Do

a Q ja 8
iPad > 2:29 AM © 0 76% am)

< Tweet +f

> Josh Marshall @
I" @joshtpm

Notable that abroad, particularly in authroritarian
countries, ‘liberals’ always refers to the political
grouping that believes in ...

7/6/17, 2:24 AM
10 Retweets 20 Likes
9) ta iy) a)

*) Josh Marshall @ @joshtpm-2m
Replying to @joshtpm
2/ basic humans freedoms, the rule of law, democratic
process, free speech and labor rights, reformist economic
policies.

On te © 32 |

*% Josh Marshall @ @joshtpm- 1m
: 3/ This is not a bad place to start, particularly in this era.

1o) 3 Ow 8

Tweet your reply

Do

a Q ja 8
"The truth unquestionably is, that the only path to a subversion of the republican
system of the Country is, by flattering the prejudices of the people, and exciting

their jealousies and apprehensions, to throw affairs into confusion, and bring on
civil commotion...

his temper, possessed of considerable talents....despotic in his ordinary
demeanor--known to have scoffed in private at the principles of liberty--when
such a man is seen to mount the hobby horse of popularity--to join in the cry of
danger to liberty--to take every opportunity of embarrassing the General
Government & bringing it under suspicion--to flatter and fall in with all the non
sense of the zealots of the day -- It may justly be suspected that his object is to
throw things into confusion that he may ‘ride the storm and direct the whirlwind.”

Alexander Hamilton,
[Objections and Answers Respecting the Administration], [August 18, 1792]

"The truth unquestionably is, that the only path to a subversion of the republican
system of the Country is, by flattering the prejudices of the people, and exciting

their jealousies and apprehensions, to throw affairs into confusion, and bring on
civil commotion...

When a man unprincipled in private life[,] desperate in his fortune, bold in
his temper, possessed of considerable talents....despotic in his ordinary
demeanor--known to have scoffed in private at the principles of liberty--when
such a man is seen to mount the hobby horse of popularity--to join in the cry of
danger to liberty--to take every opportunity of embarrassing the General
Government & bringing it under suspicion--to flatter and fall in with all the non
sense of the zealots of the day -- It may justly be suspected that his object is to
throw things into confusion that he may ‘ride the storm and direct the whirlwind.”

Alexander Hamilton,
[Objections and Answers Respecting the Administration], [August 18, 1792]

The union is an expression of the prophetic profile of society. The union is born and reborn
every time that, like the biblical prophets,

Market economy: no. Let us say, socia/ market economy, as St. John Paul II taught: social
market economy. The economy has forgotten the social nature that it has as a vocation, the
social nature of business, of life, of bonds and pacts. But perhaps our society does not
understand the union also because it does not fight enough in terms of the “not yet rights” of
the existential peripheries, among those rejected from work.

© 25 T) 652 © 819 4
iPad >

je)
ot

DQ

a

12:36 AM

Home

Jen Pattison @/ @Estirdalin- 49m
you better have tidied the flat before | get home

19) DQ go i)

Liam Liwanag Burke Retweeted

Steven Greenhouse @greenhousenyt: 23h

Here's the text of Pope Francis's amazing speech on
unions, marginalized workers & the "sins" of modern
capitalism. press.vatican.va/content/salast...

1 expression of the prophetic profile of society. The union is born é

t, like the biblical prophets

vy: no. Let us say, socia/ market economy, as St. John Paul II tauc
ny. The economy has forgotten the social nature that it has as a vi
f business, of life, of bonds and pacts. But perhaps our society doe
2 union also because it does not fight enough in terms of the “not

peripheries, among those rejected from work.
QO 25 tT) 652 © 819 ia]

Patrick Nonwhite Retweeted
Josh Caplan @joshdcaplan : 9h

Q ja ea

© 0 64%)

ad
(J MESSAGES

Maybe: John Grey : :
Link: Manifold Scholarship (staging.manifoldapp.org)

1€ metagame. After al]

it can be ik reduced

in, on ideogames instaeeis becomes

for ¢ the videogame ind

convincing the world that videogames were game
Unlike traditional games in which volun veil are

chosen to further constrain or interpret the physical POSE

and cards, balls and bats, or track and field, videogames con

ochani uipment.'* Nowhere
of a game with the mechanics of the equip

1a) © 10
iPad > 11:25 PM © @ 33% +

& Home %
= Psincerely nope that tne people WOrKing lO Change thdt are
successful.
01 VQ O1 4]
A Dream Like an Echo @ @CoralineAda: 9m N
I'm thankful to the person who called me out on this.
19) TQ O1 a

Brendan Keogh @BRKeogh - 10m v
Only 8 pages into Metagaming and @chouxsalad and
« » @alt254 are already speaking my language
leta :
‘a game. After all, not only isag
neatly reduced to its physical equi

1, around, or throu '
gh videogames
produc ; "

naw vet CULISUIDEL

like traditional games in which
n to further constrain or interp
irds, balls and bats, or track and
ime with the mechanics of the

1 VQ O10 4
Jesse Singal @ @jessesingal -10m v
. JUST AS | SUSPECTED people aren't thinking through my

ally question at all and are mostly getting the answer

a Q ja 8 &
6:40 PM @ @ 33% 0 _)+

pajiba.com a

“They were indeed what was known as ‘old money’, which meant that it had been made so long
ago that the black deeds which had originally filled the coffers were now historically irrelevant.
Funny, that: a brigand For a Father was something you kept quiet about, but a slave-taking pirate
for a great-great-great-grandfather was something to boast of over the port. Time turned the
evil bastards into rogues, and rogue was a word with a twinkle in its eye and nothing to be
ashamed of.”

— Making Money So, really, that’s all the pretence | need. Here are some of my Favourite Terry

‘x

Pratchett quotes to get you through the Friday... Sees.

Give a man a fire and he’s warm for a day, but set Fire to him and he’s warm For the rest of his life.

“Normal” Belt:

— Jingo
It is said that your life Flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it’s called Life. Are Dead
— The Last Continent
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded. VY
— Lords and Ladies .
She was already learning that if you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite You'll Never Go Back to a
them so that they don’t apply to you. “Normal” Belt After You See 1
— Equal Rites
IF cats looked like Frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That’s what ©
people remember.

— Lords and Ladies

The

eo
G Bi Stream your favourite shows Ss
O Inge. infinitely without using up your data. a

6:40 PM @ @ 33% 0 _)+

pajiba.com a

“They were indeed what was known as ‘old money’, which meant that it had been made so long
ago that the black deeds which had originally filled the coffers were now historically irrelevant.
Funny, that: a brigand For a Father was something you kept quiet about, but a slave-taking pirate
for a great-great-great-grandfather was something to boast of over the port. Time turned the
evil bastards into rogues, and rogue was a word with a twinkle in its eye and nothing to be
ashamed of.”

— Making Money So, really, that’s all the pretence | need. Here are some of my Favourite Terry

‘x

Pratchett quotes to get you through the Friday... Sees.

Give a man a fire and he’s warm for a day, but set Fire to him and he’s warm For the rest of his life.

“Normal” Belt:

— Jingo
It is said that your life Flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it’s called Life. Are Dead
— The Last Continent
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded. VY
— Lords and Ladies .
She was already learning that if you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite You'll Never Go Back to a
them so that they don’t apply to you. “Normal” Belt After You See 1
— Equal Rites
IF cats looked like Frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That’s what ©
people remember.

— Lords and Ladies

The

eo
G Bi Stream your favourite shows Ss
O Inge. infinitely without using up your data. a

6:40 PM @ @ 33% 0 _)+

pajiba.com a

— Lords and Ladies

The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those
who think they've found it.

I
— Monstrous Regiment ‘
|

The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less
money. deat
Take boots, For example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good

pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK For
a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars.

Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he
could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a Foggy night by the Feel of the cobbles. TOUCH OF MODEI

But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford Fifty
dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his Feet dry in ten years’ time, while the poor
man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same

time and would still have wet Feet. enounn THE hla Powe

ai

This was the Captain Samuel Vimes ‘Boots’ theory of socioeconomic unfairness

— Men at Arms: The Play

Do you think it’s possible For an entire nation to be insane?

— Monstrous Regiment

“The indi ‘ : ona
“We

G Bi Stream your favourite shows
O Inge. infinitely without using up your data.

6:40 PM @ @ 33% 0 _)+

pajiba.com a

— Lords and Ladies

The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those
who think they've found it.

I
— Monstrous Regiment ‘
|

The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less
money. deat
Take boots, For example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good

pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK For
a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars.

Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he
could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a Foggy night by the Feel of the cobbles. TOUCH OF MODEI

But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford Fifty
dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his Feet dry in ten years’ time, while the poor
man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same

time and would still have wet Feet. enounn THE hla Powe

ai

This was the Captain Samuel Vimes ‘Boots’ theory of socioeconomic unfairness

— Men at Arms: The Play

Do you think it’s possible For an entire nation to be insane?

— Monstrous Regiment

“The indi ‘ : ona
“We

G Bi Stream your favourite shows
O Inge. infinitely without using up your data.

6:40 PM

pajiba.com

“The Female mind is certainly a devious one, my lord.” Vetinari looked at his secretary in surprise.
“Well, of course it is. It has to deal with the male one.”

— Unseen Academicals
All tapes left in a car for more than about a fortnight metamorphose into Best of Queen albums.
— Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

It was so much easier to blame it on Them. It was bleakly depressing to think that They were Us.
IF it was Them, then nothing was anyone’s Fault. IF it was us, what did that make Me? After all, I’m
one of Us. | must be. I've certainly never thought of myself as one of Them. No one ever thinks of
themselves as one of Them. We're always one of Us. It’s Them that do the bad things.

— Jingo

“It’s not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing
it."
- Terry Pratchett

Petr Knava lives in London and plays music

Get entertainment, celebrity and politics updates via Facebook or Twitter. Buy Pajiba merch at the
Pajiba Store.

<A 'The Walking Dead' Stuntman Has Died from Injuries Sustained on the Set | Ranking The 5 Best Movies of 2

as

a G O Bi n e Stream your favourite shows
a infinitely without using up your data.

Got Dumpep By New Biacx' §
HoLLywoop Like in REAt |

"Wuo Framed Rocer How THE Cas:
Rasesit" Detaits You oF THRoNEs' §
Onty Notice as AN ApuLT REALLY Look

Every VERSION OF Cuaracters b
SpipER-Man RANKED BECAUSE OF T
From Worst To Best BEHAVIOR

6:40 PM

pajiba.com

“The Female mind is certainly a devious one, my lord.” Vetinari looked at his secretary in surprise.
“Well, of course it is. It has to deal with the male one.”

— Unseen Academicals
All tapes left in a car for more than about a fortnight metamorphose into Best of Queen albums.
— Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

It was so much easier to blame it on Them. It was bleakly depressing to think that They were Us.
IF it was Them, then nothing was anyone’s Fault. IF it was us, what did that make Me? After all, I’m
one of Us. | must be. I've certainly never thought of myself as one of Them. No one ever thinks of
themselves as one of Them. We're always one of Us. It’s Them that do the bad things.

— Jingo

“It’s not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing
it."
- Terry Pratchett

Petr Knava lives in London and plays music

Get entertainment, celebrity and politics updates via Facebook or Twitter. Buy Pajiba merch at the
Pajiba Store.

<A 'The Walking Dead' Stuntman Has Died from Injuries Sustained on the Set | Ranking The 5 Best Movies of 2

as

a G O Bi n e Stream your favourite shows
a infinitely without using up your data.

Got Dumpep By New Biacx' §
HoLLywoop Like in REAt |

"Wuo Framed Rocer How THE Cas:
Rasesit" Detaits You oF THRoNEs' §
Onty Notice as AN ApuLT REALLY Look

Every VERSION OF Cuaracters b
SpipER-Man RANKED BECAUSE OF T
From Worst To Best BEHAVIOR

This brings us back to the question of why genocide-deniers
will devote so much time to writing texts that cannot withstand
scholarly scrutiny, and that merely succeed in covering the de-
niers with infamy in the eyes of everyone outside their tiny de-
nialist circle. These are the activities of a sect that needs its own
myths to feed its followers so as to perpetuate itself. Bosnia and
Rwanda are not treated as subjects for genuine scholarly enqui-
ry, but merely episodes to be incorporated into the mythical

narrative. So long as the sect’s followers continue to imbibe the
myths, it does not matter if the rest of the world despises the sect
and its myths.

In this context, the task of genuine genocide scholars is not
to struggle to de-programme the sect’s followers - a generally
impossible task - but merely to ensure that their poison is kept
out of mainstream discourse on genocide.

This brings us back to the question of why genocide-deniers
will devote so much time to writing texts that cannot withstand
scholarly scrutiny, and that merely succeed in covering the de-
niers with infamy in the eyes of everyone outside their tiny de-
nialist circle. These are the activities of a sect that needs its own
myths to feed its followers so as to perpetuate itself. Bosnia and
Rwanda are not treated as subjects for genuine scholarly enqui-
ry, but merely episodes to be incorporated into the mythical

narrative. So long as the sect’s followers continue to imbibe the
myths, it does not matter if the rest of the world despises the sect
and its myths.

In this context, the task of genuine genocide scholars is not
to struggle to de-programme the sect’s followers - a generally
impossible task - but merely to ensure that their poison is kept
out of mainstream discourse on genocide.

While I have no problem with the use of artificial intelligence to compliment and
improve human decision making, suggesting that the AI itself makes the decision is a
problem. Legal and moral responsibility for a robot’s actions should be no different
than they are for any other AI system, and these are the same as for any other tool.
Ordinarily, damage caused by a tool is the fault of an operator, and benefit from it is
to the operator’s credit. If the system malfunctions due to poor manufacturing, then
the fault may lay with the company that built it, and the operator can sue to resolve

this. In contrast, creating a legal or even public-relations framework in which a robot
can be blamed is like blaming the privates at Abu Ghraib for being “bad apples”. Yes,
some apples are worse than others and perhaps culpably so, but ultimate responsibility
lies within the command chain that created the environment those privates operated
in. Where the subject is machines we build and own, then the responsible role of the
organisation is even clearer. We should never be talking about machines taking ethical
decisions, but rather machines operated correctly within the limits we set for them.

While I have no problem with the use of artificial intelligence to compliment and
improve human decision making, suggesting that the AI itself makes the decision is a
problem. Legal and moral responsibility for a robot’s actions should be no different
than they are for any other AI system, and these are the same as for any other tool.
Ordinarily, damage caused by a tool is the fault of an operator, and benefit from it is
to the operator’s credit. If the system malfunctions due to poor manufacturing, then
the fault may lay with the company that built it, and the operator can sue to resolve

this. In contrast, creating a legal or even public-relations framework in which a robot
can be blamed is like blaming the privates at Abu Ghraib for being “bad apples”. Yes,
some apples are worse than others and perhaps culpably so, but ultimate responsibility
lies within the command chain that created the environment those privates operated
in. Where the subject is machines we build and own, then the responsible role of the
organisation is even clearer. We should never be talking about machines taking ethical
decisions, but rather machines operated correctly within the limits we set for them.

Roger Fisher, quoted from
The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists,
March 1981

My favorite activity is inventing.
An early arms control proposal dealt
with the problem of distancing that
the President would have in the
circumstances of facing a decision
about nuclear war. There is a young
man, probably a Navy officer, who
accompanies the President. This
young man has a black attache case
which contains the codes that are
needed to fire nuclear weapons. I
could see the President at a staff
meeting considering nuclear war as an
abstract question. He might conclude:
*‘On siop Plan One, the decision is
affirmative. Communicate the Alpha
line XYZ.’’ Such jargon holds what is
involved at a distance.

My suggestion was quite simple:
Put that needed code number in a little
capsule, and then implant that capsule
right next to the heart of a volunteer.
The volunteer would carry with him
a big, heavy butcher knife as he
accompanied the President. If ever
the President wanted to fire nuclear
weapons, the only way he could do so
would be for him first, with his own
hands, to kill one human being. The
President says, ‘‘George, I’m sorry
but tens of millions must die.’’ He
has to look at someone and realize
what death is—what an innocent
death is. Blood on the White House
carpet. It’s reality brought home.

When I suggested this to friends in
the Pentagon they said, ‘‘My God,
that’s terrible. Having to kill some-
one would distort the President’s
judgment. He might never push the
button.”’

Roger Fisher, quoted from
The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists,
March 1981

My favorite activity is inventing.
An early arms control proposal dealt
with the problem of distancing that
the President would have in the
circumstances of facing a decision
about nuclear war. There is a young
man, probably a Navy officer, who
accompanies the President. This
young man has a black attache case
which contains the codes that are
needed to fire nuclear weapons. I
could see the President at a staff
meeting considering nuclear war as an
abstract question. He might conclude:
*‘On siop Plan One, the decision is
affirmative. Communicate the Alpha
line XYZ.’’ Such jargon holds what is
involved at a distance.

My suggestion was quite simple:
Put that needed code number in a little
capsule, and then implant that capsule
right next to the heart of a volunteer.
The volunteer would carry with him
a big, heavy butcher knife as he
accompanied the President. If ever
the President wanted to fire nuclear
weapons, the only way he could do so
would be for him first, with his own
hands, to kill one human being. The
President says, ‘‘George, I’m sorry
but tens of millions must die.’’ He
has to look at someone and realize
what death is—what an innocent
death is. Blood on the White House
carpet. It’s reality brought home.

When I suggested this to friends in
the Pentagon they said, ‘‘My God,
that’s terrible. Having to kill some-
one would distort the President’s
judgment. He might never push the
button.”’

€:
Racists: "George Washington was a slave
owner! Should we stop praising him too??"

Black People: "Yes."
Racists: "..."

Black Ppl:

€:
Racists: "George Washington was a slave
owner! Should we stop praising him too??"

Black People: "Yes."
Racists: "..."

Black Ppl:

The art of writing science

Kevin W. Plaxco*

Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Interdepartrnental Program in Biomolecular Science and Engineering,

University of California Santa Barbara

Received 25 Au
BO!: 10,1002 f
Published online 15 October 2010 proteinscience.org

514

introduction
The vah
mated. Imagine, for example, that you hold in your
hand two papers, both of which describe precisely
the same set of experimental results
dense, and filled with jargon

2 of writing well should not be underesti-

One is long,
The other is concise,

engaging, and easy to follow. Which are you more

to read, understand, and cite? The answer to
the

es your work

li
this value of good
That is,

while even the most skillful writing cannot turn bad

question hits directly at

writing: writing well lever:

science into good science, clear and compelling

writing makes good science more impactful, and
thus more valuable

The goal of good writing is straightforward: to
make your reader's job as easy as possible, Realizing

though, is not so simple. I, for one, was

this goal
not a natural-born writer; as a graduate student, my
writing was weak and rambling, taking forever to
get to the point. But I had the good fortune to post-

doc under an outstanding scientific communicator,

Santa Barbara, California 93

3106

2010; Revised 19 September 2010; Accepted 21 September 2010

of which I am pleased to share with you here. Before
I share my hard-won tips, though, I have an admis-
sion: there is no single, correct way to write. In fact,
there are a myriad of solutions to the problem of
The trick, then, is

not to copy someone else’s voice, but rather to study

writing well (see, e.g., Refs. 1-4)

what works—and what does not—in your own writ-
ing and that of others to formulate your own guide
to effective communication. Thus, while I present
here some of my most cherished writing conventions
(i.e., the rules that I force on my own students), I do
nt the only
your mentor)

not mean to imply that they repre
Indeed,

acceptable approach you (or
may disagree strongly with many of the suggestions
I make below. This, though, is perfectly fine: my
goal is not to convince you that | have found the one
true way, but instead simply to get people thinking
and talking about writing. I do so in the hope that
this will

develop their own effective styles

inspire a few more young scientists to

The art of writing science

Kevin W. Plaxco*

Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Interdepartrnental Program in Biomolecular Science and Engineering,

University of California Santa Barbara

Received 25 Au
BO!: 10,1002 f
Published online 15 October 2010 proteinscience.org

514

introduction
The vah
mated. Imagine, for example, that you hold in your
hand two papers, both of which describe precisely
the same set of experimental results
dense, and filled with jargon

2 of writing well should not be underesti-

One is long,
The other is concise,

engaging, and easy to follow. Which are you more

to read, understand, and cite? The answer to
the

es your work

li
this value of good
That is,

while even the most skillful writing cannot turn bad

question hits directly at

writing: writing well lever:

science into good science, clear and compelling

writing makes good science more impactful, and
thus more valuable

The goal of good writing is straightforward: to
make your reader's job as easy as possible, Realizing

though, is not so simple. I, for one, was

this goal
not a natural-born writer; as a graduate student, my
writing was weak and rambling, taking forever to
get to the point. But I had the good fortune to post-

doc under an outstanding scientific communicator,

Santa Barbara, California 93

3106

2010; Revised 19 September 2010; Accepted 21 September 2010

of which I am pleased to share with you here. Before
I share my hard-won tips, though, I have an admis-
sion: there is no single, correct way to write. In fact,
there are a myriad of solutions to the problem of
The trick, then, is

not to copy someone else’s voice, but rather to study

writing well (see, e.g., Refs. 1-4)

what works—and what does not—in your own writ-
ing and that of others to formulate your own guide
to effective communication. Thus, while I present
here some of my most cherished writing conventions
(i.e., the rules that I force on my own students), I do
nt the only
your mentor)

not mean to imply that they repre
Indeed,

acceptable approach you (or
may disagree strongly with many of the suggestions
I make below. This, though, is perfectly fine: my
goal is not to convince you that | have found the one
true way, but instead simply to get people thinking
and talking about writing. I do so in the hope that
this will

develop their own effective styles

inspire a few more young scientists to

Hurricane gentrification

Ts
2
3:

Segregate people into flood zones
Raise prices so people can't escape
Threaten people with deportation and
arrest for seeking shelter

. Ridicule "idiots who stayed" on TV
. Make a show of pithy relief donations

to avoid conversation on wealth
inequality

. Force residents of destroyed poor

neighborhoods to move

. Redevelop, flip properties at a mark

up to richer, Whiter residents

Hurricane gentrification

Ts
2
3:

Segregate people into flood zones
Raise prices so people can't escape
Threaten people with deportation and
arrest for seeking shelter

. Ridicule "idiots who stayed" on TV
. Make a show of pithy relief donations

to avoid conversation on wealth
inequality

. Force residents of destroyed poor

neighborhoods to move

. Redevelop, flip properties at a mark

up to richer, Whiter residents

—— CHAPTER
HAPTER FIFT EEN

di
he Hogwarts EG "
Inquisitor

They had
ne Aaa expecte
fully next ae to have to comb Hermione’s Dai
letter. How g to find the article Perc es Daily Prophet care
: However, the de ; cle Percy had or pnet care-
top of the milk jug Pe delivery owl had ..., in his
? H j : ely cleare
tened the new en Hermione let out y Cleared the
s a huge ga :
Umbridge ietiow ae y eae loa Ber gi boi
2 ely an bli 1 olores
the headline. inking slowly at them from be oats

MINISTRY SEEKS EDUCATIONAL REFORM
DOLORES UMBRIDGE APPOINTED
FIRST EVER HIGH INQUISITOR

uisitor’?’ said Harry darkly, his half-eaten

‘Umbridge — “High Inq
om his fingers. ‘What does that mean?

piece of toast slipping fr
Hermione read aloud:

Ministry of Magic passed new
nted level of control at Hogwar's

ie ‘In a surprise move last night as
—teilaton giving itself an une

qucational Decree

n the event °

‘She's been EB

Wait, there's more,

w_ gn immediate success, totally revolutio
the Dark Arts and prov
ack about what's really

‘on that the Ministry h
e Number Iwen
s High Inquisitor

xciting new nister’s plan to get t

at some are calling the falling standards at Hogwarts,”
Inquisitor will have powers to inspect her fellow
ane sure that they are coming up toscratch. FY fessor

. this position in addition t ae

happening at Hogwarts. -
as now formalised
ty-three, which

“Dreadtul”?’

Harry felt his face grow warm and faked a sinall co,
over his roll. When he emerged from this he was sorry to “sae
Fiermione was still in full flow about OWL grades. :
‘So top grade’s oe Ox.” ‘Outstanding’, 5 she was saying,
there’s “A” ~
Wo, E, George corrected her, “E” for “Exceeds Expectations
And Tve always thought Fred and | should've got “E” in everything
we exceeded expectations just by turning up for the exan
all laughed except Hermione, who ploughed on, ‘So, alter
“Acceptable”, and that’s the last pass grade, isnt it’
dunking an entire roll in his soup, transierring
allowing it whole.
Ron raised both his arms in mock

ve | ]
11) th ‘
and tn

ae from Hermione
m ediately resolved
Theory is when you know
everything but nothing
works.

Practice is when everything
works but no one knows why.

In our lab, theory and
practice are combined:
nothing works and nobody
knows why.

Theory is when you know
everything but nothing
works.

Practice is when everything
works but no one knows why.
In our lab, theory and
practice are combined:
nothing works and nobody
knows why.

“WHITE SUPREMACY, AND RACISM ISA

STRUCTURE, IT'SA
POWER STRUCTURE,

AND IT PLACES

WHITENESS AT THE TOP

AND PEOPLE OF COLOR
AT THE BOTTOM.

IF YOU'RE NOT HELPING

TO DISMANTLE RACISM

THEN YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM."

-MUNROE BERGDORF, TRANSGENDER ACTIVIST AND MODEL

“WHITE SUPREMACY, AND RACISM ISA

STRUCTURE, IT'SA
POWER STRUCTURE,

AND IT PLACES

WHITENESS AT THE TOP

AND PEOPLE OF COLOR
AT THE BOTTOM.

IF YOU'RE NOT HELPING

TO DISMANTLE RACISM

THEN YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM."

-MUNROE BERGDORF, TRANSGENDER ACTIVIST AND MODEL

DO NOT MEDDLE
IN THE AFFAIRS OF

FOR THEY ARE
SUBTLE

AND WILL PISS ON
YOUR COMPUTER
‘\ Newt Gingrich @
@newtgingrich

Robert Mueller is superb choice to be
special counsel. His reputation is
impeccable for honesty and integrity.
Media should now calm down

5/17/17, 5:17 PM

“| think the
best thing to
do is to let
Robert Mueller
do his job.

—House Speaker Paul Ryan

> 170 EE “SR ©
‘anemia info
—Senate Maj. Leader
Mitch McConnell

<a.

marchfortruth.info
——— ee Sl
If you're having trouble keeping up
with the reading for this history class,
here are some tips that may help you
read faster and retain more:

1. Read for argument. (Write it down.)

2. Figure out what details are
important by seeing if they align (or

strongly conflict) with the argument.

3. Be able to formulate your own
response to the reading/argument,
using evidence from the text. (You
don't have to agree with the argument
but you should be able to give some
specifics to show why you do or
don't.)

If you're having trouble keeping up
with the reading for this history class,
here are some tips that may help you
read faster and retain more:

1. Read for argument. (Write it down.)

2. Figure out what details are
important by seeing if they align (or

strongly conflict) with the argument.

3. Be able to formulate your own
response to the reading/argument,
using evidence from the text. (You
don't have to agree with the argument
but you should be able to give some
specifics to show why you do or
don't.)

4. Have a sense of what the most
important or interesting new thing you
learned was. (This can help you see
what you've accomplished &helps
with memory/retention.)

Lastly, reading dense material is a
process and you'll get better at it.
Remember too that the class
discussion Is part of the process that
will help you truly "get" what you read,
even if you're still confused right after
you finish reading a piece. &

4. Have a sense of what the most
important or interesting new thing you
learned was. (This can help you see
what you've accomplished &helps
with memory/retention.)

Lastly, reading dense material is a
process and you'll get better at it.
Remember too that the class
discussion Is part of the process that
will help you truly "get" what you read,
even if you're still confused right after
you finish reading a piece. &

Being process-oriented, not product-
driven, is the most important and difficult
skill for a designer to develop.

Being process-oriented means:
1 seeking to understand a design problem before chasing after solutions;
2 not force-fitting solutions to old problems onto new problems;

3 removing yourself from prideful investment in your projects and being slow to fall
in love with your ideas;

4 making design investigations and decisions holistically (that address several
aspects of a design problem at once) rather than sequentially (that finalize one
aspect of a solution before investigating the next);

5 making design decisions conditionally—that is, with the awareness that they may
or may not work out as you continue toward a final solution;

6 knowing when to change and when to stick with previous decisions;
7 accepting as normal the anxiety that comes from not knowing what to do;

8 working fluidly between concept-scale and detail-scale to see how each informs
the other;

always asking “What if... ?” regardless of how satisfied you are with your solution.
[= \ Graham Moomaw @gmoomaw - 17m Vv
\ ) State elections commissioner confirms that 83 voters in Fredericksburg were

assigned to wrong House District. They were supposed to be in HD28, where the
Republican leads by 82 votes

O01 tT 27 QO 18 m4)
Graham Moomaw

@gmoomaw t Fotiowing ] ¥
Basically an entire street in Fredericksburg
may be screwed up. The former registrar who
made the changes is dead. The new registrar
doesn't know what happened

10:45 AM - 20 Nov 2017

Q:
wa
Linguists are familar with the phenomenon, Wich Tay De Caleta. :
phemism trea dmill. People invent new words for emotionally charged referents
but soon the euphemism becomes tainted by association, and a new word a
be found, which soon acquires its own connotations, and so on. Water closet
becomes toilet (originally a term for any kind of body care, as in toilet kit and
toilet water), which becomes bathroom, which becomes restroom, which be
comes lavatory. Undertaker changes to mortician, which changes to funeral dj.
rector. Garbage collection turns into sanitation, which turns into environmentg|
services. Gym (from gymnasium, originally “high school”) becomes physica
education, which becomes (at Berkeley) human biodynamics. Even the word
minority—the most neutral label conceivable, referring only to relatve
numbers—was banned in 2001 by the San Diego City Council (and nearly
banned by the Boston City Council) because it was deemed disparaging to non-
whites. “No matter how you slice it, minority means less than,’ said a semanti-
cally challenged official at Boston College, where the preferred term is AHANA

(an acronym for African-American, Hispanic, Asian, and Native Amer! ):

212/ Know Thyself

Sen Dianne Feinstein @ @Senfeinstein - 4h
UPDATE: Republicans rejected our motion to adjourn until Monday so senators
could read the bill they just introduced.

RT If you think senators should have time to read a bill that affects every single
American.
Sen Dianne Feinstein @ @Senfeinstein - 4h
UPDATE: Republicans rejected our motion to adjourn until Monday so senators
could read the bill they just introduced.

RT If you think senators should have time to read a bill that affects every single
American.
ANY gurricleNTET
ecT IS

apvANceED NEGL
cr IGuIsHABLE

INDIS
FROM MALICE

ra, reapproprialing Clarke's third law-

Deb Chac'

—_

ANY aurricleNTET
ecT IS

apvANcED NEGL
cr IGuIsHABLE

INDIS
FROM MALICE

ra, reapproprialing Clarke's third law-

Deb Chac’

—_—

Waste not

Sir, Thank you very much for the
helpful article about hoarding (Times:
2, Aug 20). I’ve put it with the others.
IHN SCRIV!

orton, Cumbr

Waste not

Sir, Thank you very much for the
helpful article about hoarding (Times:
2, Aug 20). I’ve put it with the others.
IHN SCRIV!

orton, Cumbr

“Look, if the contemporary condition is hopelessly shitty, insipid, materialistic, emotionally
retarded, sadomasochistic, and stupid, then I (or any writer) can get away with slapping together
stories with characters who are stupid, vapid, emotionally retarded, which is easy, because these
sorts of characters require no development. [...] If readers simply believe the world is stupid and
shallow and mean, then Ellis can write a mean shallow stupid novel that becomes a mordant
deadpan commentary on the badness of everything. Look man, we'd probably most of us agree
that these are dark times, and stupid ones, but do we need fiction that does nothing but
dramatize how dark and stupid everything is? In dark times, the definition of good art would
seem to be art that locates and applies CPR to those elements of what's human and magical that
still live and glow despite the times’ darkness. Really good fiction could have as dark a worldview
as it wished, but it'd find a way both to depict this world and to illuminate the possibilities for
being alive and human in it. Fiction’s about what it is to be a fucking human being, If you
operate, which most of us do, from the premise that there are things about the contemporary
US. that make it distinctively hard to be a real human being, then maybe half of fiction’s job is to
dramatize what it is that makes it tough. The other half is to dramatize the fact that we still are
human beings, now. Or can be... I just think that fiction that isn't exploring what it means to be
human today isn't art. We've all got this ‘literary’ fiction that simply monotones that we're all
becoming less and less human, that presents characters without souls or love, characters who
really are exhaustively describable in terms of what brands of stuff they wear, and we all buy the
books and go like Golly, what a mordantly effective commentary on contemporary materialism!"
But we already know U.S. culture is materialistic. This diagnosis can be done in about two lines.
It doesn't engage anybody. What's engaging and artistically real is, taking it as axiomatic that the
present is grotesquely materialistic, how is it that we as human beings still have the capacity for
joy, charity, genuine connections, for stuff that doesn't have a price? And can these capacities be
made to thrive? And if so, how, and if not why not?” — D.F.W.
“Look, if the contemporary condition is hopelessly shitty, insipid, materialistic, emotionally
retarded, sadomasochistic, and stupid, then I (or any writer) can get away with slapping together
stories with characters who are stupid, vapid, emotionally retarded, which is easy, because these
sorts of characters require no development. [...] If readers simply believe the world is stupid and
shallow and mean, then Ellis can write a mean shallow stupid novel that becomes a mordant
deadpan commentary on the badness of everything. Look man, we'd probably most of us agree
that these are dark times, and stupid ones, but do we need fiction that does nothing but
dramatize how dark and stupid everything is? In dark times, the definition of good art would
seem to be art that locates and applies CPR to those elements of what's human and magical that
still live and glow despite the times’ darkness. Really good fiction could have as dark a worldview
as it wished, but it'd find a way both to depict this world and to illuminate the possibilities for
being alive and human in it. Fiction’s about what it is to be a fucking human being, If you
operate, which most of us do, from the premise that there are things about the contemporary
US. that make it distinctively hard to be a real human being, then maybe half of fiction’s job is to
dramatize what it is that makes it tough. The other half is to dramatize the fact that we still are
human beings, now. Or can be... I just think that fiction that isn't exploring what it means to be
human today isn't art. We've all got this ‘literary’ fiction that simply monotones that we're all
becoming less and less human, that presents characters without souls or love, characters who
really are exhaustively describable in terms of what brands of stuff they wear, and we all buy the
books and go like Golly, what a mordantly effective commentary on contemporary materialism!"
But we already know U.S. culture is materialistic. This diagnosis can be done in about two lines.
It doesn't engage anybody. What's engaging and artistically real is, taking it as axiomatic that the
present is grotesquely materialistic, how is it that we as human beings still have the capacity for
joy, charity, genuine connections, for stuff that doesn't have a price? And can these capacities be
made to thrive? And if so, how, and if not why not?” — D.F.W.
the year 1764 to believe that one can convince
sonents with arguments printed in books. It is
Jo that, therefore, that I have taken up my pen, but =
bo as to annoy them, and to bestow st@ gth

on those on our own side, and tor
pothers that they have not convineed ws
the year 1764 to believe that one can convince
sonents with arguments printed in books. It is
Jo that, therefore, that I have taken up my pen, but =
bo as to annoy them, and to bestow st@ gth

on those on our own side, and tor
pothers that they have not convineed ws
Kw themightyglamazon

| enforce federal worker health and safety and pollution regulations

When | was learning my trade, when my classmates and | were having a

chuckle over the “well duh" level of specificity written into the Code of Federal
Regulations (try “no hazardous material shall be stored in crew berthing” on for
size). | will never forget the silence that followed when our instructor spoke these

Your regulations are written in blood.”

These regulations were not written on a whim. They were written because
someone thought they could cut costs by storing however many more pounds of
radioactive, toxic, carcinogenic, or whatever else material in the same rooms
where the human beings they paid to transport those materials slept, and then

did that, because no one was telling them not to

They were written because people died. Horrifically. Because unregulated
capitalism values profit over human life and suffering

Can

w
o

y it again, for those not paying attention?

Unregulated capitalism values profit over human life and suffering.

g the ukip gulenist —=
@AliceAvizandum

every videogame has a level where you
infiltrate a fancy masquerade party but
nobody has the guts to make a whole game
of that

1:06 AM - 24 Jan 2018

I4Retweets Bs OOL® ODBD

O15 Dw 0 2

f

‘The whole game as one party or you're just a serial party crasher?
Oa na Oz

the ukip gulenist @AliceAvizandum - 6h
either. Yes

1o) a O01
1:09 AM

Tweet

© Wiel cevec (FF & liked

mcc
yi @mcclure111

What if art criticism was banned unless it came in the
form of more art

Want to write a blog post about this video game? No.
You have to make it as a small Twine game. Your
album review has to be read over a beatnik bass line.
Poor aesthetics wholly forgiven but you have to do it

1/24/18, 9:52 PM
18 Retweets 89 Likes
© ita Qg &
=) \ Mike Bithell @ @mikeBithell - 3h Vv
Replying to @mcclure111
ad the chains would be glorious.

"Hi, I'm Mike, and this is my card game critique of Sarah's
twine game brazenly celebrating Dan's mashup of Tetris

and Dominoes inspired by his mild disappointment with
Gears of War 4"

9 m5 O43 =

Vv @v21-2h v
z Replying to @mcclure111

| feel like you are under-appreciating essays as an art form

here

9) 1 O38 i)

@ 47% +

ad
iPad > 8:15 PM © @ 20%L_>

« Thread 7

mcc Vv
yy i @mcclure111

2015: My timeline is full of people gofundme-ing their
medical care and | feel horrified

2018: My timeline is full of people gofundme-ing the
medical care for their school shooting injuries and |
feel horrified

2/20/18, 8:03 PM

5 Retweets 30 Likes

) a) y) 8
mec @mcclure111-8m v
Q What will 2021 feel like
“ @3 eal Qe 8
iPad +

1:32 PM

Nick Harkaway
91K Tweets

Tweets Tweets & replies Media Likes

DQ

EA
lee

J

DQ

DQ

DQ

Nick Harkaway Retweeted

Allison the Meep @allisonthemeep - 27m Vv

Replying to @Harkaway

When our school started doing active shooter drills, my
son had anxiety for more than a year about it. Three years
later, he tells me he’s figured out 8 different ways to run
home if someone with a gun comes into his school. He’s
14. He shouldn't have to worry about that.

) a Q2 8

Nick Harkaway Retweeted

TheGypsyGem @GypsyGem927 : 24m Vv

Replying to @Harkaway

My kids are literally locked up in their prospective
buildings, but it doesn't quell the feelings. They have their
drills, and it breaks my heart that it's not a fire or a tornado
drill like | had. This shouldn't be a part of life. EVER.

(@) taal O1 3)

Nick Harkaway Retweeted

TheWolfoftheStars @wolfofthestars7 - 24m Vv

Replying to @wolfofthestars7 @edabny54 and 2 others
Another said that the kid they sit next to in math class was
arrested recently for threatening to shoot up the school.
My generation is being repeatedly traumatized so that
some politicians and gun lobbyists can have some money.
Abuse, carried out by our own government.

o) 12 Q2 8

Nick Harkaway Retweeted

Nicola McG @Nonn38604832: 21m Vv

Replying to @Harkaway

From Leeds but live in Virginia. My 7 and 13y/o daughters
regularly have lock down drills. Principal walks round
rattling doorknobs whilst they hide. Cops patrol schools
with gun on hip. Terrifying.

@ Q oe 8

@ 19% 0G _)+

¥
@ Nick Harkaway liked

Justin Warren @
@jpwarren

“Computers yelling Numberwang at each other" is my
absolute favourite description of blockchain.

2/28/18, 5:01 AM

533 Retweets 963 Likes
Dalton Police @DaltonPD - 55m
Repeat: no children hurt, no children in danger.

QO 3 TQ 70 © 6 8

Show this thread

Dalton Police @DaltonPD - 55m
Students will be taken to the NE GA Trade Center. Parents should go there

QO 3 YQ 43 © 30 8

Show this thread

Dalton Police @DaltonPD - 56m
PARENTS DO NOT COME TO DALTON HIGH

QO 5 TQ 32 ©): 22 8

Show this thread

Dalton Police @DaltonPD - 56m
There is a barricaded subject in a classroom. It is believed to be a teacher.

© 10 TQ 86 © 33 8

Show this thread

Dalton Police @DaltonPD - 56m
DPD on scene at report of shot or shots fired at Dalton High. NO CHILDREN
ARE INJURED OR IN DANGER

oy Tt 130 © 6 ina]
Show this thread
iPad >

10:51 AM © 054%)
Thread F
vi uy Vu uw

Alexandra Erin
@alexandraerin
at

If Handler's most famous work has any lessons to
teach us, | should think they would include the fact
that one need not be a card-carrying villain to do great
harm.

3/4/18, 10:43 AM
8 Likes

O tz ¥) a

Alexandra Erin @alexandraerin - 5m v
@ The kind of moral complexity alluded to in the thread does
~#  notconsist of "This person Is my friend, and he has done
great things, so he can't have done anything so bad." That

is the opposite of moral complexity. It's moral
reductionism.

fo) wm Q7 fr
Beneath the surface of tHE PROTECTIVE
parts of TRAUMA SURVIVORS THERE EXISTS
AN uNdamaced essence, a Self that is
confident, curious, and calm, A Self
That Has been sheltered from
destruction by THE VARIOUS PROTECTORS
That Have emerged in their efforts to
ensure survival. Once THOSE PROTECTORS
Trust that it is safe TO separate, THE
Self will spontaneously emeRGE, ANd
THe parts CAN be enlisted in tHe HEAling
PROCESS

-Bessel A. van der Kolk

“Ideally, what should be said to every child, repeatedly,
throughout his or her school life is something like this:

“You are in the process of being indoctrinated. We have
NOt yet evolved a system of education that is not a system
of indoctrination. We are sorry, but it is the best we can
do. What you are being taught here is an amalgam of
current prejudice and the choices of this particular culture.
The slightest look at history will show how impermanent
these must be. You are being taught by people who have
been able to accommodate themselves to a regime of
thought laid down by their predecessors. It is a self-
perpetuating system. Those of you who are more robust
and individual than others will be encouraged to leave and
find ways of educating youxself - educating your own
judgement. Those that stay must remember, always and
all the time, that they are being moulded and patterned to
fit into the narrow and particular needs of this particular
society.”

Doris Lessing,
Preface to ‘The Golden Notebook’,

Flaminzo, 1971

12:06 AM

Lareina Saindon shared a post.
y Just now: &

Lloyd Ernstes
Thursday at 2:35 AM: @

‘The difference between st
and genius is that genius h
limits.”
Albert Einstein

a Like © Comment @ Share

News Feed

D9

8O6e

Ryan Dean

Raven Albalos

Joe Schwartz

Kayla Barros

See More

@ 0 62%)

(~) ia John

Vv

4

Lloyd Ernstes
Thursday at 2:35 AM: @

"The difference between stupidity
and genius is that genius has its

limits.”
Albert Einstein

a Like © Comment @ Share
5:34 PM Touch to return to call05:45 @ 22%0_}

Comments

13 hrs: @

Ryan Dean

Let me see if I got
this right... it was
Bill Clinton that
signed it into law
and enforced it for
two terms... then it
was G.W. Bush
who enforced it for
+ |two terms followed
by Fada Obama who enforced it for
two terms... here we are some 25 years
later and Donald John Trump has
barely started enforcing the law and he
suddenly becomes Adolph Hitler? What
manner of logic is this? “i

Raven Albalos

Joe Schwartz

Kayla Barros

Sandi Massey

Anne Sullivan

Jacob Garbe

Ali DeMoro

Sara Crispin

©
@
@
®
@
v
®

Political Correctness Gone Wild is with Sophie Phillips. Yesterday at 5:11 PM -

Qo —_
Cc

News Feed Friend Requests Marketplace Notifications More

5:34 PM

Comments

:’ 13 hrs: @

Let me see if I got
this right... it was
Bill Clinton that
signed it into law
and enforced it for
two terms... then it
was G.W. Bush
who enforced it for
two terms followed
by Hussein Obama who enforced it for
two terms... here we are some 25 years
later and Donald John Trump has
barely started enforcing the law and he
suddenly becomes Adolph Hitler? What
manner of logic is this? “i

Political Correctness Gone Wild is with Sophie Phillips. Yesterday at 5:11 PM: ®

Qo
Cc

News Feed Friend Requests Marketplace Notifications h
*% Ron Paul @
@RonPaul

Are you stunned by what has become
of American culture? Well, it's not an
accident. You've probably heard of
“Cultural Marxism," but do you know
what it means’? ... More here:
facebook.com/ronpaul/photos...

7/2/18, 11:10 AM
*% Ron Paul @
@RonPaul

Are you stunned by what has become
of American culture? Well, it's not an
accident. You've probably heard of
“Cultural Marxism," but do you know
what it means’? ... More here:
facebook.com/ronpaul/photos...

7/2/18, 11:10 AM
Neil Gaiman’s

8 Rules for Writing.

1. Write.
2. Put one word after another. Find the right word, put it down.

3. Finish what you’re writing. Whatever you have to do to
finish at, fing shea x.

4. Put itl aside, Read it pretending you’ve never read it before.
Show it to friends whose opinion you respect and who like the
kind of thing that this is.; %

5. Remember: when people tell you something’s wrong or doesn’t
work for them, they are almost always right. When they tell you
exactly what they think is wrong and how to fix it, they are
almost always wrong. ‘

6. Fix it. Remember that, sooner or later, before it ever reaches
j perfection, you will have to let it go and move on and start to
write the next thing. Perfection is like chasing the horizon.
Keep moving.

7. Laugh at your own jokes.

8. The main rule of writing is that if you do it with enough
assurance and confidence, you’re allowed to do whatever you
like. (That may be a rule for life as well“as for writing.

But it’s definitely true for writing.) So write your.story as
it needs to be written. Write it honestly, and tell it as best
you can. I’m not sure hat there are any other rules.

Not ones that matter. >

Mack

WWW.NEVERWEAR.NET
NEVERWEAR FIRST PRINTING 2018 ©
of “agency within institutional contexts (Barley, 19660; stinchcombe, 1997; Heimer, 1999).
In particular, Barley and Tolbert (1997) draw from Giddens’s (1984) work on structuration
“to articulate a model of how institutions are formed, reproduced, and modified through
an interplay of action and structure” (Barley and Tolbert, 1997: 94). Their model has four
conceptual moments: The encoding of institutional principles in behavioral scripts used in
work activities; the enactment of these encoded scripts (consciously or otherwise); the revision
or replication of scripts; and the objectification and externalization of work activities such
that they become taken-for-granted and, in turn, shape future actions.

Although their research is largely conceptual, Barley and Tolbert make a valuable con-
tribution to our understanding of the micro foundations of institutions. They draw heavily
from phenomenology to analyze how “shared typifications” (scripts) are transformed into
externalized “facts” that shape future action (Berger and Luckmann, 1966).* However, while
work activities are a form of action and may include worker interaction, activities alone do

> There are dozens of variations and independent formulations of “meaning,” and we recognize that “meaning”
does not have a single meaning to the readers of this journal. There is no single philosophical “meaning” of
meaning. There is no single linguistic “meaning” of meaning. There is no single sociological “meaning”
of meaning. In this article, we take two of the sociological treatments of meaning (from institutionalism
and symbolic interactionism), and bring them into dialogue, as a part of the larger goal of developing an
inhabited institutions approach. Though it would be useful to survey all of the heterogeneous treatments of
meaning, doing so is project in itself, and beyond the scope of this article. For one such sociological survey,
see Wuthnow’s (1987) book Meaning and Moral Order.

3 Brown (1978) provides another phenomenologically oriented critique of organizational studies.

D Springer
of “agency within institutional contexts (Barley, 19660; stinchcombe, 1997; Heimer, 1999).
In particular, Barley and Tolbert (1997) draw from Giddens’s (1984) work on structuration
“to articulate a model of how institutions are formed, reproduced, and modified through
an interplay of action and structure” (Barley and Tolbert, 1997: 94). Their model has four
conceptual moments: The encoding of institutional principles in behavioral scripts used in
work activities; the enactment of these encoded scripts (consciously or otherwise); the revision
or replication of scripts; and the objectification and externalization of work activities such
that they become taken-for-granted and, in turn, shape future actions.

Although their research is largely conceptual, Barley and Tolbert make a valuable con-
tribution to our understanding of the micro foundations of institutions. They draw heavily
from phenomenology to analyze how “shared typifications” (scripts) are transformed into
externalized “facts” that shape future action (Berger and Luckmann, 1966).* However, while
work activities are a form of action and may include worker interaction, activities alone do

> There are dozens of variations and independent formulations of “meaning,” and we recognize that “meaning”
does not have a single meaning to the readers of this journal. There is no single philosophical “meaning” of
meaning. There is no single linguistic “meaning” of meaning. There is no single sociological “meaning”
of meaning. In this article, we take two of the sociological treatments of meaning (from institutionalism
and symbolic interactionism), and bring them into dialogue, as a part of the larger goal of developing an
inhabited institutions approach. Though it would be useful to survey all of the heterogeneous treatments of
meaning, doing so is project in itself, and beyond the scope of this article. For one such sociological survey,
see Wuthnow’s (1987) book Meaning and Moral Order.

3 Brown (1978) provides another phenomenologically oriented critique of organizational studies.

D Springer
Om B8@ = al 4% 10:16 AM

Kdlesdiau FUst 12905. dl UIC VEYINIMINY VS WIE C1 OF Le

|| 803 comments
GO

itstumblirhumor « Follow

kirstenlouisemcduffie:

VAY

my dad had a skype interview today so
he was sitting in the living room looking
all professional in his suit and tie and
everything while he’s talking to the
people who are interviewing him. and OF
COURSE my cat decided that she
NEEDED to speak at that moment so she
just starts meowing left and right and
talking crazy talk to the point where the
interviewers just start laughing because
she just will NOT shut up. so my dad just
kind of sighs, looks at the camera, and
goes, “i'm so sorry. i have to ask my cat
to leave.” and then he looks over at
victoria and very calmly and
professionally goes, “victoria, i'm afraid
you're being too loud, and i’m going to
have to ask you to leave.”

and she did. she fucking turned and
walked out of the living room.

W

39,291 likes
itstumblIrhumor If onlv mv doa would listen as aood as

m Qa QO B&B

= Go €

Art Scott shared a post.
4hrs - ©

Sick C*&+$

mi, Occupy Democrats
a

Seriously, how can these women support such a deplorable man?

Follow Occupy Democrats for more!

F = : ; Vey : ~ >
= . Nd
A si. BF g - :
¥ ‘ 4 We Bal
! & Ss sy

I'LL NEVER UNDERSTAND HOW THESE WOMEN
CAN LOOK AT AN ADMITTED SEXUAL PREDATOR
WHO MOCKS SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS,
CHEATS ON HIS WIFE WITH PORN STARS
AND APPOINTS ALLEGED RAPISTS TO THE
SUPREME COURT WITH SUCH ADMIRATION.

OCCUPY [))S lela ES

Write a comment...

SBS 8&8 OO Ff 8B =

Notifications
wisdom cannot revea

art cannot become manifest,
strength cannot fight,
wealth becomes useless,

and intelligence cannot be applied.”

280 BCE
t

- Herophilus of Chalcedone, 3:
Physician to Alexander the Gi

BS AO Fl 14% 01:08 AM

A 3]
ces

O f& 6
NB esterday atai3PM-@

Faraz Mariam Arif Ansari
Jul 23 at 5:55AM -@

This. Read. And then read it again. And again.
And again.

r Denise Ivanoff eee
AA i dayago- ©

| think everyone whose response to the
financial struggles of an artist is , "well, you
should have gone into tech or something
useful” should have to go 30 days with no
reading, no TV, no movies, no museum visits, no
video games, no theatre, and have arts stripped
from all their other experiences... no music in
restaurants, at sporting events, bars, stores,
nothing. No audio books or podcasts or music
on their commute. After 30 days deprived of all
contributions of artists, | would be interested to
know if anyone would still say artists were
drains on society and unworthy of life.

OO 15 1 Comment « 3 Shares

(> Like () Comment (> Share

2 2 5 €
BS AO Fl 14% 01:08 AM

A 3]
ces

O f& 6
NB esterday atai3PM-@

Faraz Mariam Arif Ansari
Jul 23 at 5:55AM -@

This. Read. And then read it again. And again.
And again.

r Denise Ivanoff eee
AA i dayago- ©

| think everyone whose response to the
financial struggles of an artist is , "well, you
should have gone into tech or something
useful” should have to go 30 days with no
reading, no TV, no movies, no museum visits, no
video games, no theatre, and have arts stripped
from all their other experiences... no music in
restaurants, at sporting events, bars, stores,
nothing. No audio books or podcasts or music
on their commute. After 30 days deprived of all
contributions of artists, | would be interested to
know if anyone would still say artists were
drains on society and unworthy of life.

OO 15 1 Comment « 3 Shares

(> Like () Comment (> Share

2 2 5 €
SATIRE REQUIRES

ACLARITY OF
PURPOSE AND
TARGET LEST IT

BE MISTAKEN FOR
AND CONTRIBUTE |
TOTHATWHICH |
ITINTENDS TO
CRITICIZE

12:30 AM Sun Feb 17 =F © 100% &%

“s John v

New video: Are you doing deep learning? Watch this video to learn about Q Search
the 6 most common #pytroch #computervision Mistakes.

Sydney Saindon

Y Ryan Dean

https://rebrand.ly/watch-webinar-d0202

‘4 Andrej Karpathy @
@karpathy P Fottowing id

most common neural net mistakes: 1)
you didn't try to overfit a single batch

©. Kayla Barros

Ali DeMoro

first. 2) you forgot to toggle train/eval See More
mode for the net. 3) you forgot to
.zero_grad() (in pytorch) before Recently Active Groups

.backward(). 4) you passed softmaxed mi,
outputs to a loss that expects raw logits. s

Ask for PDFs from People wit...

25 new posts >

Artificial Intelligence & Deep...
25 new posts

; others? :)

7:14 PM - 30 Jun 2018

© 33 7 Comments 9 Shares
a Like © Comment @ Share

Joe DeGrand > Ask for PDFs from People with Institutional

Accracc
Qo —-

News Feed Friends Watch Marketplace Notifications Menu
12:30 AM Sun Feb 17 =F © 100% &%

“s John v

New video: Are you doing deep learning? Watch this video to learn about Q Search
the 6 most common #pytroch #computervision Mistakes.

Sydney Saindon

Y Ryan Dean

https://rebrand.ly/watch-webinar-d0202

‘4 Andrej Karpathy @
@karpathy P Fottowing id

most common neural net mistakes: 1)
you didn't try to overfit a single batch

©. Kayla Barros

Ali DeMoro

first. 2) you forgot to toggle train/eval See More
mode for the net. 3) you forgot to
.zero_grad() (in pytorch) before Recently Active Groups

.backward(). 4) you passed softmaxed mi,
outputs to a loss that expects raw logits. s

Ask for PDFs from People wit...

25 new posts >

Artificial Intelligence & Deep...
25 new posts

; others? :)

7:14 PM - 30 Jun 2018

© 33 7 Comments 9 Shares
a Like © Comment @ Share

Joe DeGrand > Ask for PDFs from People with Institutional

Accracc
Qo —-

News Feed Friends Watch Marketplace Notifications Menu
— Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
Terry Pratchett - being poor is expensive

Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars
a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather
boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots,
which were sort of OK for a season or two and then
leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about
ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always
bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he
could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy
night by the feel of the cobbles.

But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and
years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of
boots that’d still be keeping his feet dry in ten years’
time, while a poor man who could only afford cheap
boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in
the same time and would still have wet feet.

This was the Captain Samuel Vimes ‘Boots’ theory of
socio-economic unfairness.

The Places We Go When We Leave
-Elle Maruska

There are worlds upon worlds all blooming
with wonder

& numberless doorways between

& when we are done with mere skin & bone
we become travelers of shadow & dream

we do not need form, nor breath, eyes, or
claws

to hunt through the brilliance & gleam

& all pain fades away, all fear falls to gray
when we go where we go when we leave

but memory persists & love still exists

& we wait close & we watch as you grieve
for we know you can't know the places we go
when our bodies fall finally to sleep

but don't hurt for us long, nor imagine us
gone

though we've slipped into beauty unseen:
we're waiting right here for when you finally
appear

& we can both go where we go when we leave
58 we

Weed Man Lue >

iMessage
Today 9:25 AM

Dude to the coronavirus | will no
longer be accepting cash or hand to
hand transactions. Please continue
to use cashapp or Venmo.

Please also designate a safe place
where | can | leave your order so
that we do not have to make
contact

Thanks
When the debate is lost,
slander becomes the tool
of the losers.

- Socrates
“Growth for the sake of
growth is the ideology
of nef cancer cell.”

- - Edward Abbey
=

> There are dozens of variations and independent formulations of “meaning,” and we recognize that “meaning”
does not have a single meaning to the readers of this journal. There is no single philosophical “meaning” of
meaning. There is no single linguistic “meaning” of meaning. There is no single sociological “meaning”
of meaning. In this article, we take two of the sociological treatments of meaning (from institutionalism
and symbolic interactionism), and bring them into dialogue, as a part of the larger goal of developing an
inhabited institutions approach. Though it would be useful to survey all of the heterogeneous treatments of
meaning, doing so is project in itself, and beyond the scope of this article. For one such sociological survey,
see Wuthnow’s (1987) book Meaning and Moral Order.
> There are dozens of variations and independent formulations of “meaning,” and we recognize that “meaning”
does not have a single meaning to the readers of this journal. There is no single philosophical “meaning” of
meaning. There is no single linguistic “meaning” of meaning. There is no single sociological “meaning”
of meaning. In this article, we take two of the sociological treatments of meaning (from institutionalism
and symbolic interactionism), and bring them into dialogue, as a part of the larger goal of developing an
inhabited institutions approach. Though it would be useful to survey all of the heterogeneous treatments of
meaning, doing so is project in itself, and beyond the scope of this article. For one such sociological survey,
see Wuthnow’s (1987) book Meaning and Moral Order.
15:00 @ F ® FZ 33%0

II

Dr. ‘Guy McHendry @
@* “Computational “aa aren't going to make people recognize our humanity” belongs on a poster in every classroom that teached
data science, computer science, Al, etc...

Maybe I'll have to make something.

~¥% Doomscrolling Eternal @ @
Computational tools aren't going to make ne recognize our humanity.

Mr. Brackeen, who is Black, championed Kairos’s race-
businesses tailor their marketing to ethnic minorities.

software has the potential to fuel discrimination.

faceboo Qa @ We

Luke Dicken eee
ie 41-9

pam Pavid G. McAfee @

This is what | say in The Curious Person's Guide to Fighting Fake News
(https://amzn.to/2GLBjX8), when | talk about the job of a journalist and how reporters
get in their own way by treating facts the same as opinions. | quote Jonathan Foster,
retired University of Sheffield journalism lecturer, who says:

"If someone Says it's raining and another person says it’s dry, it’s not your job to quote
them both. Your job is to look out of the fucking window and find out which is true."

To everyone who has pre-ordered the book, THANK YOU! You can also check out the
Kindle edition (https://amzn.to/34Dpfj5). It officially launches next week!

Thank you all for the support. B

#agreetodisagree #data #science #fakenews #media

II O <
'I'm not bad-tempered,' she said mildly.

* The Yen Buddhists are the richest religious sect in the universe. They hold that the accumulation of money is a great evil
and burden to the soul. They therefore, regardless of personal hazard, see it as their unpleasant duty to acquire as much as
possible in order to reduce the risk to innocent people.

'T wasn't talking about you!'

"Well, Esme's always been bad-tempered,' said Nanny. 'It comes natural to her.'

‘And she hardly ever does real magic. What good is being a witch if you don't do magic? Why doesn't she use it to help
people?’

Nanny peered at her through the pipe smoke.

"'Cos she knows how good she'd be at it, I suppose,' she said. 'Anyway, I've known her a long time. Known the whole
family. All the Weatherwaxes is good at magic, even the men. They've got this magical streak in 'em. Kind of a curse.
Anyway . .. she thinks you can't help people with magic. Not properly. It's true, too.'

"Then what good - ?'

Nanny prodded at the pipe with a match.

'I seem to recall she come over and helped you out when you had that spot of plague in your village,' she said. 'Worked the
clock around, I recall. Never known her not treat someone ill who needed it, even when they, you know, were pretty oozy.
And when the big ole troll that lives under Broken Mountain came down for help because his wife was sick and everyone
threw rocks at him, I remember it was Esme that went back with him and delivered the baby. Hah . . . then when old
Chickenwire Hopkins threw a rock at Esme a little while afterwards all his barns was mysteriously trampled flat in the night.
She always said you can't help people with magic, but you can help them with skin. By doin' real things, she meant.'

‘I'm not saying she's not basically a nice person -' Magrat began.

'Hah! 7 am. You'd have to go a long day's journey to find someone basically nastier than Esme,' said Nanny Ogg, ‘and this
is me sayin' it. She knows exactly what she is. She was born to be good and she don't like it.'

Nanny tapped her pipe out on the rail and turned back to the saloon.
“So did I for a while,” said Ford, “and then I decided I was a lemon for a couple of weeks. I kept myself amused all that time jumping
in and out of a gin and tonic.”

Arthur cleared his throat, and then did it again. “Where,” he said, “did you ...?”

“Find a gin and tonic?” said Ford brightly. “I found a small lake that thought it was a gin and tonic, and jumped in and out of that. At
least, I think it thought it was a gin and tonic.

“I may,” he added with a grin that would have sent sane men scampering into trees, “have been imagining it.”
He waited for a reaction from Arthur, but Arthur knew better than that.
“Carry on,” he said evenly.

“The point is, you see,” said Ford, “that there is no point in driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad. You might just as
well give in and save your sanity for later.”

“And this is you sane again, is it?” asked Arthur. “I ask merely for information.”
“Listen, bud,” said Ford, “if I had one Altairian dollar for every time I heard one bit of the Universe look at another
bit of the Universe and say ‘That’s terrible’ I wouldn’t be sitting here like a lemon looking for a gin. But I haven’t and I
am. Anyway, what are you looking so placid and moon-eyed for? Are you in love?”
of this knowledge and to clarify how it is possible. As Heidegger once
remarked, “to philosophize means to be entirely and constantly trou-
bled by and immediately sensitive to the complete enigma of things
that common sense considers self-evident and unquestionable”.!
Indeed, according to one reading it is precisely this domain of ignored
obviousness that phenomenology seeks to investigate, and its ability to

do so is premised on its adoption of a specific philosophical attitude.
... bong...
... bong...
Mist rolled through the swamp. And shadows moved with it, their shapes indistinct on this night when the

difference between the living and the dead was only a matter of time.

These people were the ones who made the magical kingdom work, who cooked its meals and swept its floors
and carted its night soil and were its faces in the crowd and whose wishes and dreams, undemanding as they
were, were of no consequence. The invisibles.

And me out here, she thought. Building traps for gods.

There are various forms of voodoo in the multiverse, because it's a religion that can be put together from any
ingredients that happen to be lying around. And all of them try, in some way, to call down a god into the body of
a human being.

That was stupid, Mrs Gogol thought. That was dangerous.

Mrs Gogol's voodoo worked the other way about. What was a god? A focus of belief. If people believed, a god
began to grow. Feebly at first, but if the swamp taught anything, it taught patience. Anything could be the focus
of a god. A handful of feathers with a red ribbon around them, a hat and coat on a couple of sticks . . . anything.
Because when all people had was practically nothing, then anything could be almost everything. And then you
12:36 © Gd =: 71%

< Tweet

ae

For Black studies...a little bit of both?

01 m1 QO 2 —
™), Abeba Birhane @Abebab - 15h
\ and for Al models?
| O1 i 01 os

thot leedurr @ @DocDre - 13h
@. Replying to @Abebab

From this epistemological standpoint? Ain’t no good foundation for Al models

They inherited the interpretive weakness of info science, the anti-humanist theoretical disposition of CS, and a modernity’s
desire to extract and control

Also: they antiblack AF

19) (Q) 2 @ 15 x
KBup c WaTK@i penytaunen @irichqua - 19h
Replying to @Abebab
i think about makeup
O 1 (a) Q 12 x
Tweet your reply (0)

II O <
.))

08:35 © Eid + 89%

& wv ee

W Ethics in Bricks retweeted

Tamsin C Russell @TamsinRussell - 2m
ds wow.

€P Ethics in Bricks @EthicsInBricks - th
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.”
- William James

II O <
02:51 © tid @ « 7 & 26%E

< Thread

e& (wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops @& @generativist - 1d

“but how would they sample the weird edges and not all the others too?”
simulations within simulations. shared little stories as cheap training data for the agents, with resulting attention as novelty
estimate,,,

@ (wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops @ @generativist - 2d
they wouldn’t simulate historical reproductions. they’d simulate historically plausible sample paths drawn from the exciting
edges,,,

O01 2 —S

e (wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops @

@generativist

like most of the french fucks, Baudrillard has slowly gone from “annoying writing style” to
“Imao okay that’s cool” to “shit wait no what is happening?” over time
4:23 - 15 Mar 22 - Twitter for iPhone

1Retweet 3Likes

(@) @ [oan

Tweet your reply (0)

II O <
03:37 il O@ ¢

< Thread

(wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops @
@generativist

FM

If | could only pick one magic wand wave event, I'd rather them act as marketplaces for
#BYOAIgo than open source their primary one. Cat-and-mouse games are easier with a
mono-culture (of incentives); heterogeneity for great good!

© cdixon.eth @ @cdixon - 10 Mar
Search engines should open source their ranking algorithms.

15:31 - 10 Mar 22 - Twitter Web App

1 Quote Tweet 9QLikes

0

(wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops @ @generativist - 6d
Replying to @generativist
*as a marketplace

O 1

Tweet your reply

II O
06:58 fl O @ » F Fs 28%b

€ Tweet

AA,
We XVZ
? }

propublica.org
In San Francisco, Hundreds of Homes for the Homeless Sit Vacant

19:08 - 05 Mar 22 - SocialFlow

28 Retweets 1QuoteTweet 33 Likes

o) iw 1) of

Mountain AnarchLady @AnarchBooty - 05 Mar
Replying to @propublica
Eugenics by bureaucracy.

o) 1 9 2 “<

Tweet your reply (0)

II O <
07:52 © id @ « FD Fs 48% GB

< Thread

"ktb.
@kevinbaker
this somehow explains everything about this site.

@® Baudrillard's America @BaudrillardUSA - 01 Mar

The slightest vibration in a statistical model, the tiniest whim of a computer are enough to bathe some piece of abnormal behaviour,
however banal, in a fleeting glow of fame.

23:11 - O1 Mar 22 - Twitter Web App

1Retweet 31Likes

©) ay ” os
Tktbs @kevinbaker - 01 Mar
please don't @ me about how it doesn't actually explain everything. | know.
19) VY QO 3 x
Tweet your reply (0)

II O <
20:59 tid @O ° F Fs 21%8

< Bookmarks :

ProPublica @ @propublica - 23 Feb
ProPublica’s investigation found that single mothers who need state assistance in New Mexico, which has one of the highest
rates of child poverty in the U.S., first have to reveal who fathered their kids and the exact date that they got pregnant.

9 1 td 39 QO 78 “

(wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops & @generativist - 23 Feb
A lot of us out here doing it for free.

who is the real clown?

@ Neeraj K. Agrawal @NeerajKA - 23 Feb
CEOs should hire court jesters to keep them humble, ridicule bad ideas, and generally relay information others dare not

O4 Q 10 <S

| am invested in the extracolonial Afro-Asian intimacy that exists here full of tension and friction because solidarity cannot be
presumed. It must be built. It requires honest political and philosophical commitment.

) 27 © 106 of
Show this thread

» Tao Leigh Goffe, PhD | 38 | @taoleighgoffe - 23 Feb

Mi. Jurie Horneman @JurieHorneman - 23 Feb
= Fantastic shading.
22:11 @ © tid DF Fs 50% Eh
< Thread

e (wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops @

@generativist
the Real Unix Philosophy (tm)

@ "ktbs @kevinbaker - 6d
Replying to @generativist

"it’s all the ingredients i had: quinoa, eggs, butter, and like half of cup of buffalo sauce. This is the most fucked up thing | could do
with it."

3:33 - 11 Mar 22 - Twitter for iPhone

2Retweets 14Likes

) vy) of

#Plan9
©) Q 2 “

@ (wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops @ @generativist - 6d

Tweet your reply (0)

lI O <
19:37 O @ fd « DF 61% ta

a

a

TINS CIS VIRUS TIS GPU CUTIE Ie GI Get WO HE INO UI PUN YI WIIG) CIM PREY PIS UY INS, Iwi yours, bin wuy wie

fo) 1 ~) of

Randall Munroe @ @xkcd - th :
One of my favorite things about the upcoming What If 2 (xkcd.com/whatif2) it is that it shows how questions from kids often lead
to more catastrophic scenarios than questions from adults, even when the adults are clearly trying really hard to create
catastrophic scenarios.

D 12 12 101 @ 1,164 oe

Randall Munroe @ @xkcd - th
Adults: “what if | put a nuclear bomb on a rocket and shot it at supersonic speeds into a volcano?”

Kids: “what if | had a really, really big potato? Like 1000 miles wide.”

The potato scenario is way more catastrophic!
QD BE TQ 126 @ 1,372 oS
Randall Munroe @ @xkcd - 34s

If you want to see my answers to some of the weirdest and most fun questions I’ve been asked—including ones from both kids
and adults—you can preorder What If 2 using the links at xkcd.com/whatif2 to get it when it comes out in September!

fo) ial © of

Kevin Gannon retweeted
Covie @covie 93 - 16h
Both Cruz and Graham who are so concerned about Judge Jackson's handling of child pornography cases voted to confirm alex

G Q @ al 8
UI O <
05:39 © id ~ F Fs 49%

five oS Fo voll. 2 Q

People, especially games, get eldritch madness wrong a lot and It’s really

such a shame.

An ant doesn’t start babbling when they see a circuit board. They find it
strange, to them It Is a landscape of strange angles and humming monoliths.

They may be scared, but that is not madness.
comes when the ant, for a moment, can see as a human does.

It understands those markings rds, symbols with meaning,

pheromone but infinitely more complex. It can travel unimaginab

distances, to lands unlike anything it has seen before. it knows of mirth,
embarrassment, love, concepts unimaginable before this moment, and

then...

It's an ant again.

Echoes of things it cannot comprehend swirl around its mind. It cannot make
use of this knowledge, but it still remembers. How is it supposed to return to 1310

its life? The more the ant saw the harder it is for it to forget. It needs to see it

again, understand again. It will do anything to show others, to show itself, =
= nothing else in this tiny world matters. +)

This is madness.

@ 3D Green Screen Picture fa bogleech SS

@bluegorgon Thank you for this good PSA because I’m still seeing sincere, published,

professional writers doing “ahhhhh oh no this monster was SO

All of my agree. It’s creeping existential horror not jump scar iaaiaaiamlaalbe

24

#horror

JJ ror dissonant synth violin - ogee ~~ TP ey -*

t stl gl. ee cP 2

Home Friends Inbox Profile

II O <
Arthusa gave an ‘if that’s what you want to think’ shrug, and nodded to Divisia and Cartho.

‘Princeps,’ they replied and bowed their heads briefly.

‘Any idea what this is about?’ he asked.

She shot him a look, and he could read the ‘you know very well’ in her eyes.

‘The priesthood...’ she said carefully.

‘Ah...’ He looked at her and raised an eyebrow. ‘So it is politics. You know, I once thought that a war like this
would have swept that all away, for a while at least.’

“You were never that naive,’ she snorted. “War is power. The bigger and more cataclysmic, the more the power
involved, and politics is just the feeding frenzy for power. The possibility of annihilation doesn’t stop that — in
fact, it probably just makes it worse.’

“Were you always quite such a philosopher?’

‘Yes,’ she said.

He laughed then.

‘The priesthood are panicked,’ she said, lowering her voice, ‘and that’s got more intense in the last few days,
and not just the lower tiers. The higher up you go, the worse it gets. The machine, blessed above all, is logic, but
I think... I think they are afraid.’

“Of what?’ he said. ‘Of losing?’

‘Of losing everything.’

He looked at her again. There was no smile on her face now.

‘How do you know this?’

‘Because, honoured princeps, I use my time to stay linked to extraneous data when I am not incarnated. I like
to know what the battlefield within is like before I walk out to the other one. I can tell you one thing, though,
the princeps maximus is not happy - not happy at all. Neither is Bazzanius, or Clementia. The priesthood want
something, and we don’t want to give it. The cogs are turning and when the wheel stops, who knows...’

“What was it you said about politics and power...?’ he said. ‘Much more of this and you will be in line to be the
After the flurry of orders, he sat back and stared at the map. Some things at least made sense. All these
barricades looked inward. People were barricading themselves against the Palace and the center of the city. No
one would be bothered much about the outside world. If you had to take an outlying part of the city in those
circumstances, then the thing to do would be to go in via a gatehouse in the city wall. They might not be quite
so guarded as they ought to be.

“Tom?”

“Yes, Clive?”

“Have you ever sung the national anthem?”

“Oh, lots of times, sir.”

“T don’t mean officially.”

“You mean just to show I’m patriotic? Good gods, no. That would be a rather odd thing to do,” said the
captain.

“And how about the flag?”

“Well, obviously I salute it every day, sir.”

“But you don’t wave it, at all?” the major enquired.

“I think I waved a paper one a few times when I was a little boy. Patrician’s birthday or something. We stood
in the streets as he rode by and we shouted “Hurrah!”

“Never since then?”

“Well, no, Clive,” said the captain, looking embarrassed. “I’d be very worried if I saw a man singing the
national anthem and waving the flag, sir. It’s really a thing foreigners do.”

“Really? Why?”

“We don’t need to show we’re patriotic, sir. I mean, this is Ankh-Morpork. We don’t have to make a big fuss
about being the best, sir. We just know.”
06:42 fl O F NES 22%0

< Tweet

Jesse J. Anderson « ADHD Creative
@jessejanderson
My behavior may seem erratic to some, but that’s because rationality has rarely served me
well.

6:41 - 20 May 22 - Twitter for iPhone

1Retweet 7Likes

o) iw ” “

Tweet your reply (0)

II O <
06:44 © F NES 18%0
<€ Tweet
Q 1,414 Tl) 30.6K Y 201K og
QQ Emily Lakdawalla retweeted

(‘= maddie=
@itsmaddiebee

Replying to @filmgal

some of y’all don’t understand that resistance isn’t about behaving in a way the systems find
acceptable

0:13 - 21 May 22 - Twitter Web App

1,481 Retweets 23 Quote Tweets 24.3K Likes
So 1 ~ oS
(‘Z maddies> @itsmaddiebee - 6h

*) Replying to @itsmaddiebee and @filmgal

ask yourself “if my resistance is being deemed acceptable, is it really resistance?” no change has ever come without a little good

trouble.
© 23 2 671 © 11.7K oe
Tweet your reply (0)

II O <
07:24 © lid NES 35%0

€ Thread
t) (wannabe) Breaker of (the Bad) Loops retweeted

Tktbi
@kevinbaker

A-CRU is literal! +h iekedj hinki

Programming is literally when a rock has tricked you into typing.

Translate Tweet

2:04 - 22 May 22 - Twitter for Android
28 Retweets 2Quote Tweets 249 Likes

fo) ia ” “

Tktbs @kevinbaker - 5h
Coding is a brutal 24/7 job where you spend all day getting owned by electric sand.

04 12 19 ey oe

ae A.H. Jensetta as Ml == @ @ajensetta - 4h
we

Ranlvingd ta Mkavinhakar

Tweet your reply (0)

II O <
13:12 Mon,23 May @*3 8 « Qa 74%5

< Thread

Maarten van Smeden
wy @MaartenvSmeden
Before you develop a clinical prediction model, ask: once finalized, do | really want and expect

it to be successfully validated and implemented in patient care? If no, why do it all?
7:31 - O2 Apr 22 - Twitter for iPhone

24 Retweets 3Quote Tweets 169 Likes

o) iw ov) “

Maarten van Smeden @MaartenvSmeden - 02 Apr

"y Nota rhetorical question. Please share reasons for developing CPMs even if you don’t want or expect them to be used
we

QT TY 1 O9 x
Georg Heinze @Georg_ Heinze - 02 Apr
Replying to @MaartenvSmeden
Because it's a cheap paper. No hypothesis needed. Main work done by my pet statistician, who asks for nothing but
coauthorship. Conclusion ready: x, y and z are independent predictors of abc.
19) un) QO9 x
Tweet your reply (0)
5

15:37 Mon, 23 May d @O Be 1%

QO a) Qg co
11 Joanna J Bryson retweeted

Helen Toner @hinitnr - 5d

One of my favorite quotes on Al is from Dijkstra:

"The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim."

But not just as a clever comeback! 1/3

@ Arvind Narayanan @ @random_walker - 5d
Debating whether today's Al tools are truly intelligent is about as useful as debating whether a drone is a bird. If you define a

bird to be anything of a certain size that flies, then sure. But it's also obvious that drones can't do most of the other things
that birds can do.

Show this thread

© 6 TY) 31 Q) 206 es
@) Show this thread

‘ Mara Bos @m_ou se - 54m :
Z z 3 “f + | mounted a camera on my bicycle, and went for a quick trip through my hometown. Join me on a 8 km trip through D
‘ youtu.be/6ZUHHBbz_kQ

a Q

©

fal i)
III O <
single Imperial Guardsman, a common trooper, on the ground, doing something small that is either
very right or very wrong.’

Macaroth sat down and stared up at the books surrounding them.

‘It’s all about data, you see?’ he said quietly. ‘The Imperium is the greatest data-gathering institution
in history. A bureaucracy with sharp teeth. It’s a crime of great magnitude that we fail to use it. This
chamber, for instance. Just a dusty library that gathers the records of one planet’s conflicted past. But it
is full of treasure. You know, there’s not a... a mystical tome in this whole place? Not so much as one
book of restricted lore or heretic power. Nothing the damned ordos would value and seek to suppress.
Those wretched fools, locking data away, redacting it, prizing unholy relics. They wouldn’t look at this
place twice. They have their uses, I suppose.’

He leaned back and stretched.

“Your mission to Salvation’s Reach. I understand it may have brought back the sort of Throne-
forsaken artefacts that gets the Inquisition damp in the crotch.’

‘Yes, sir.’

Macaroth nodded.

‘And it will have value. I’m not an idiot. It will be reviewed and studied, and its use will be applied.
Victory may well be hiding there. I am open to these possibilities. No, what really delights me about the
Salvation’s Reach mission is the tactical insight. The use of data. Your insight, I suppose. To disinform,
and set the factions of the Archenemy against each other. That, Gaunt, is detail at work. Triggering a
war between Sek and Gaur. To me, the artefacts that you have returned with are merely the icing on the
cake.’

‘Perhaps,’ said Gaunt. ‘I wonder-’

‘ “: : . . . : . :
Con ck ae need oP Vineaawd. 1 eee oe a ee ee, a a ewer Ol CAA Ae Dak bee earl Ale css ees no ee
“AT K. Le Guin bot @UrsulaBot - 1m
Le an assembly-line commodity leaves me cold.

QQ
» — Jennifer/Aster Unkle
é @jbu3

Sometimes Twitter gives us beautiful moments like this:
an “open secret” at SEGA gets confirmed with a simple
tweet from someone who doesn’t work there anymore.
@ YujiNaka/ #5)@ @nakayuji- 55m
Oh my god, the music for Sonic 3 has changed, even though SEGA Official uses

Michael Jackson's music.
Show this thread

14:05 - 23 Jun 22 - Twitter for iPhone
Gg PohnGallagher
= @MereSophistry

Research problems do not obey disciplinary boundaries
15:19 - O9 Jul 22 - Twitter Web App

1 Like
y fy Ursula K. Le Guin bot

, @UrsulaBot
Do you see how an act is not, as young men think, like a rock that one picks up and throws,
and it hits or misses, and that's the end of it. When that rock is lifted, the earth is lighter; the
hand that bears it heavier.
17:24 - 09 Jul 22 - Cheap Bots, Done Quick!

7Retweets 45Likes
I, after hearing evidence from a number of experts, including Mrs. Slipdry the midwife, certify that
the balance of probability is that the bearer of this document, C. W. St. John Nobbs, is a human being.
Signed, Lord Vetinari.
So, what would the engineers not be expecting someone sitting on the ledge outside the window to
do?

He wracked his brains for a moment or so before he got it.

The thing they wouldn’t be expecting him to do was to be there in the first place. Only an absolute
idiot would be sitting where he was, so he was winning already. A common mistake that people make
when trying to design something completely foolproof was to underestimate the ingenuity of complete
fools.

He pulled his newly acquired credit card from his pocket, slid it into the crack where the window met
its surrounding frame and did something a rocket would not have been able to do. He wiggled it around
a bit. He felt a catch slip. He slid the window open and almost fell backward off the ledge laughing,
giving thanks as he did so for the Great Ventilation and Telephone Riots of SrDt 3454.
‘When in deadly danger,
When beset by doubt,

Run in little circles,

Wave your arms and shout.’

— Parody of the Litany of Command, popular among Commissar cadets.
¢§§ Eb @EbThen - 01 Aug
I'm Autistic. | accept miscommunication as a fact of life. Try it sometime.
Show this thread

oO Ww @ 1
television transmits ideology for the young through cartoons, children’s programming, and video games. In her analysis of the Nintendo
Entertainment System, Kinder contends that video games “encourage an early accommodation to consumerist values and masculine dominance”
(1991, p. 119). Provenzo (1991) agrees, noting that the good-versus-evil binary themes of early Nintendo games often cast women as passive victims,
dependent rather than independent. Provenzo understands video games as “symbolic universes” that propagate a larger hegemony (p. 115). Kinder
and Provenzo suggest as well that the video game ideology normally functions at the implicit or tacit level of a player’s experience, rather than
consciously.

Later, Frasca (2003) also approaches video game analysis within an ideological framework. He suggests that video game representations convey the
ideological perspectives of their designers. For example, when designers include and exclude particular ethnicities within game action, the subtext of
their design choices carries ideological weight. In addition, Frasca argues that video game rules function as ideological simulations or models. Rules
reflect the perspectives and convictions of their designers, at once enabling and foreclosing player action and reflection. Frasca’s typology of video
game rules encompasses three dimensions: manipulation rules, goal rules, and meta-rules (pp. 231-233). Manipulation rules create possibilities for in-
game action. Goal rules dictate and reward player actions in order to lead them to a winning scenario. Metarules allow players to change the rules
through game modifications of their own design. In Frasca’s words, his typology of game rules “can help us to better understand how the designer’s
agenda can slip into the game’s inner laws” (p. 233). Elsewhere, Frasca calls for game designs that aid the player in “questioning the ideological
assumptions of videogames” through critical dialogue (2004, p. 90).

Bogost (2006, 2007) offers the most comprehensive and sustained treatment to date of ideology in video games. He argues that video games
inevitably represent “some small subset of the natural world, in a necessarily biased manner” (2006, p. 97). This bias is embedded, Bogost contends, in
the unit operational and procedural structures of the video game. Bogost declares that “the most important moment in the study of a videogame” is
that moment when, through practice, the embedded ideology of a video game is made concrete in a player’s mind (2006, p. 99). Relying upon Plato,
Aristotle, Marx, Gramsci, Althusser, Zizek, and Badiou, Bogost (2007) declares that video game rules, operations, and practices constitute a thickly
ideological “procedural rhetoric” mounting persuasive arguments about the world and its order. Like Frasca, Bogost pleads for a critical approach to
video game play that exposes, explores, and contests these arguments. Bogost reserves his harshest critique for the procedural rhetorics of
commercial video games, arguing that “[c]ommercial games may be less deliberate in their rhetoric, but they are not necessarily free from ideological
framing; such games may display complex procedural rhetorics with or without the conscious intention of the designers” (2007, p. 112). To Bogost,
the “highly polished visual and sound design” (p. 49) of commercial video games lends an authority to their procedural rhetorics—an authority that
can “occlude the ideological frames that such commercial games operationalize, rendering them implicit and in need of critique” (p. 113). Later
literature follows Bogost’s lead in regard to ideology and video games, such as Brown’s (2008) analysis of propaganda games, Konzack’s (2008) essay

on philosophical games, Flanagan’s (2009) design for critical play, and Squire’s (2011) discussion of ideological video game worlds. All of these
Bogost (2006, 2007) offers the most comprehensive and sustained treatment to date of ideology in video games. He argues that video games
inevitably represent “some small subset of the natural world, in a necessarily biased manner” (2006, p. 97). This bias is embedded, Bogost contends, in
the unit operational and procedural structures of the video game. Bogost declares that “the most important moment in the study of a videogame” is
that moment when, through practice, the embedded ideology of a video game is made concrete in a player’s mind (2006, p. 99). Relying upon Plato,
Aristotle, Marx, Gramsci, Althusser, Zizek, and Badiou, Bogost (2007) declares that video game rules, operations, and practices constitute a thickly
ideological “procedural rhetoric,’ mounting persuasive arguments about the world and its order. Like Frasca, Bogost pleads for a critical approach to
video game play that exposes, explores, and contests these arguments. Bogost reserves his harshest critique for the procedural rhetorics of
commercial video games, arguing that “[c]ommercial games may be less deliberate in their rhetoric, but they are not necessarily free from ideological
framing; such games may display complex procedural rhetorics with or without the conscious intention of the designers” (2007, p. 112). To Bogost,
the “highly polished visual and sound design” (p. 49) of commercial video games lends an authority to their procedural rhetorics—an authority that
can “occlude the ideological frames that such commercial games operationalize, rendering them implicit and in need of critique” (p. 113). Later
literature follows Bogost’s lead in regard to ideology and video games, such as Brown’s (2008) analysis of propaganda games, Konzack’s (2008) essay
on philosophical games, Flanagan’s (2009) design for critical play, and Squire’s (2011) discussion of ideological video game worlds. All of these
writers suggest that video game players should interrogate their play experiences, leveraging the power of critical thinking to expose implicit
ideological frameworks.

Galloway (2006) presents a counterpoint to the ideological critique of video games: the informatic critique. He concedes that cultural phenomena
such as video games are neither ideologically neutral nor innocent. However, Galloway suggests that the ideological critique of video games must be
overshadowed by a “protocological critique” (p. 102) of “informatic control” (p. 105). By this, Galloway means that the digital protocol of video games
tends to undermine the ideological meaning within video games. The informatic protocol of video games requires players to identify and master
predictable, algorithmic patterns in order to win. Galloway’s argument builds upon the precedent literature of Friedman (1999) and Manovich (2001)
who argue that computers demand that users think like computers. Galloway insists that this quality reduces cultural complexities to rigid,
reductive, and reified structures (2006, p. 98). He concludes: “In modernity, ideology was an instrument of power, but in postmodernity ideology is a
decoy” (p. 106). To Galloway, the computational architecture of the video game stakes a greater claim than ideology, because the former overwhelms
the latter.

However, Dyer-Witheford and de Peuter (2009) suggest that the ideological critique still matters, contending that video games paradigmatically
reflect and extend an ideology of Empire. Building upon Hardt and Negri (2000), Dyer-Witheford and de Peuter define the early twenty-first-century
Empire as a globalized, capitalist System that harnesses immaterial labor in order to secure power through technologically produced and

accumulated capital. Sounding an alarm. Dver-Witheford and de Peuter declare that video sames uniquelv prepare workers for Emnire. Video sames
s Kate (parody)
ae. @thingskatedid
the hardest problems in computer science are cache
invalidation, and having your company bought by a giant

petty man-child. and off by one errors
20:05 - O7 Nov 22 - Twitter Web App

5 Retweets 44 Likes
QQ Rach Against The Machine Retweeted

& Ben Golub a=
LS @ben_golub

One thing that the OpenAl chatbot might be really good
for is generating superficially plausible but actually
deeply confused false proofs of things, to test students
ability to spot bad reasoning in their own work.

@ Last edited 7:22 - 02 Dec 22 - Twitter Web App

4Retweets 2Quote Tweets 68 Likes
like

Taw.

It has kept ordinary
; citizens in line because
Lip they are fearful of losing
> their jobs, being unable
\ to make their rent, their
- credit card or mortgage
LI, )) payments.

Th

| hen ee

like

Taw.

It has kept ordinary
; citizens in line because
Lip they are fearful of losing
> their jobs, being unable
\ to make their rent, their
- credit card or mortgage
LI, )) payments.

Th

| hen ee

By

a0vfatg

been assumed that all our knowledge must conform to objects. But all attempts to
extend our knowledge of objects by establishing something in regards to them a
priori, by means of concepts, have, on this assumption, ended in failure. We must,
therefore make trial whether we may not have more success in the task of meta-
physics, if we suppose that objects must conform to knowledge (Kant 196s, B xvi).
Frustrated by failed attempts to determine whether and to what extent knowledge
conforms to things in the world, Kant flips the script and plays an entirely differ-
ent game, one based on different kinds of questions and involving a different set
of rules.

Kant, therefore, was not content to continue playing by the existing proce-
dures and protocols but questioned the very operational limits of the game itself
in order to shift perspective and formulate new and previously unheard of pos-
sibilities. This is precisely the task and objective of Gaming the System. Following
Kant’s example, what I am interested in identifying and critically examining are
those philosophical problems regarding video games, game studies, and virtual
worlds that seem, for one reason or another, to be intractable, irresolvable, or
inconclusive. This is done not in an effort to offer some novel or innovative solu-
tions to the existing problems but to challenge the terms and conditions of the
standard modes of inquiry in order to change what is asked about and why. And
this effort falls squarely within the proper purview and domain of what is called
“philosophy.” As Daniel Dennett (1996, vii) once explained (and in the first lines
of the preface to one of his books): “I am a philosopher, not a scientist, and we
philosophers are better at questions than answers. I haven't begun by insulting
myselfand my discipline, in spite of first appearances. Finding better questions to
ask, and breaking old habits and traditions of asking, is a very difficult part of the
grand human project of understanding ourselves and our world.”
PREFACE

Ian BoGost (2007) FAMOUSLY CHANGED THE DIRECTION OF VIDEO GAME
studies by focusing attention not on narratives or the logics of play but on the mode
of argumentation that is contained, produced, and advanced within the opera-
tional procedures of the game. Instead of pursuing research by following the
established routes, Bogost introduced and demonstrated the opportunities and
challenges of investigating games as a form of rhetoric—“procedural rhetoric” —
by which “arguments are made not through the construction of words and images,
but through the authorship of rules of behavior, the construction of dynamicmod-
els” (2007, 29). This book introduces and develops another shift in perspective.
Its concern, however, is not the argument in the game but the game in the argument.

‘An argument—whether in academic research, law and regulation, market-
ing and advertising campaigns, or on the streets and in popular discussions—is
nothing other than the attempt for one party to gain a discursive advantage over
an opponent. Crafting a persuasive argument, following the twists and turns of
another's logic, and developing an insightful critique of the different positions
that are already available are all aspects of an elaborate game. And the fact is that
some individuals play it better than others. In the ancient world, it is Socrates who
is considered to be the reigning champion. In the modern period, however, the
prize could easily go to Immanuel Kant.

Kant, in fact, did not just play the game; he gamed the entire system. He knew
the deck was already stacked against him, and that if he played by the established
rules, there would be no chance of winning or progressing to the next level. So
rather than continue to play by the existing protocols and procedures, he simply
altered the rules of the game. For those who do not know the story, here is the short
version: In the Critique of Pure Reason (episode one in Kant's critically acclaimed
trilogy), Kant notes how efforts in philosophy had run aground. For close to two
thousand years, he argues, philosophers have been asking questions that they
never quite seemed to get any traction on answering. So Kant, instead of trying
to deal with and respond to the existing queries, games the system by changing
the questions and the terms of the inquiry. As he described it, “Hitherto it has

EXECUTIVE

C7 LE

THE WHITE HOUSE

WASHINGTON

January 29, 1976

MEMORANDUM FOR: JIM CANNON
FROM: GEORGE W. HUMPHREYS

SUBJECT: Computer Use

The use of the computer as an aid to you and the
staff seems to me to be clearly beneficial. I have
never understood any reason for complaint against the
concept.

The basis of the complaints, valid-or invalid, was

with the implementation of the concept. Simply, Warren
never understood your needs nor the capabilities of the
machine. Many people think of "computers" as a dark,
mysterious force that somehow pulsates ominously in

an unknown recess, ready to bite if not properly respected.

As a mechanical method of stowing information for quick
retrieval, the computer can be extremely useful to you.
All that is required is to tell the operator what you
want it to do.

I strongly urge the retention of the concept and the
machine.

I would further suggest you may want to assign an
associate or assistant who is not assigned to a critical
area to take responsibility for working out additional
programs that could be useful to you and the staff. This
would not be a high priority item, but could be helpful
to us all.

SJ EoRE

oa

a
GWH/pt 1-29-76 < <]
t £ 7 Py é/
-_ cc:WH files 9 a

beerKethy-Meeher;-pe—

RECEIVED
JAN30 1976

CENTRAL FILES
EXECUTIVE

C7 LE

THE WHITE HOUSE

WASHINGTON

January 29, 1976

MEMORANDUM FOR: JIM CANNON
FROM: GEORGE W. HUMPHREYS

SUBJECT: Computer Use

The use of the computer as an aid to you and the
staff seems to me to be clearly beneficial. I have
never understood any reason for complaint against the
concept.

The basis of the complaints, valid-or invalid, was

with the implementation of the concept. Simply, Warren
never understood your needs nor the capabilities of the
machine. Many people think of "computers" as a dark,
mysterious force that somehow pulsates ominously in

an unknown recess, ready to bite if not properly respected.

As a mechanical method of stowing information for quick
retrieval, the computer can be extremely useful to you.
All that is required is to tell the operator what you
want it to do.

I strongly urge the retention of the concept and the
machine.

I would further suggest you may want to assign an
associate or assistant who is not assigned to a critical
area to take responsibility for working out additional
programs that could be useful to you and the staff. This
would not be a high priority item, but could be helpful
to us all.

SJ EoRE

oa

a
GWH/pt 1-29-76 < <]
t £ 7 Py é/
-_ cc:WH files 9 a

beerKethy-Meeher;-pe—

RECEIVED
JAN30 1976

CENTRAL FILES
